“Yes—I am your Replacematon,” a young man of about twenty-five said at the door.
His carved cheekbones, spiked black hair, and piercing brown eyes all bore down on the old man. He did not blink. Yet, despite his intensity, an oversized tan suit with too large shoulder pads made him look like a boy in wardrobe. He stood laziy, jutting out a hip, giving the impression that he was both intensely present and very lost at the same time.
“Jesus, how new are you? You still smell like goddam milk,” Marcos di Assis said, tightening his corduroy robe and covering his nose.
“Eighteen hours and six minutes…” the young man answered.
“Seven minutes,” he added.
Marcos sighed. He dropped his shoulders and scratched his head, and in doing so, his stomach popped out the front of his robe. He quickly covered himself up. “Jesus. I never thought I’d meet someone who was literally born yesterday,” he said.
The young man didn’t seem to hear him. He cranned his neck and looked at the rafters in the awning above.
 “What’d you say your name was?” Marcos asked.
“I didn’t say,” the young man said, still looking up. In a corner where two beams met, a family of spiders had settled and were hauling in a net of flies. “My model is in the V9 line.”
Marcos di Assis mulled over those words.
“V9… I’ll think of a name for you later,” Marcos said. “Well? What are you waiting for? Come in—You’re just getting wet out there.” He stepped aside, revealing a converted garage. The concrete driveway slopped down, leading to a narrow, unlit hallway and a set of elegant, steel staircase beside. The young man stepped in with the momentum of someone falling. [Note for later: reconcile the architecture. Either use the garage or have this be the front steps leading to the French Window]
“Whoa! Careful there,” Marcos said.
Once again, the young man seemed not to hear. He gazed around wide-eyed like a child. The driveway walls, remodeled in acid-etched bronze sheets now dulled to an emerald patina by time, bloomed with birds, bees, and flowers—the resplendent vision of a garden swollen at the peak of pregnancy. [Very busy sentence]
“This art yours?” the young man asked.
“It is a grotesque,” the old man scoffed. He poked his head outside the door. Morning surf broke against the island’s seawall and waves of smashed water flew up in mists. Marcos wiped the salt spray from his face, scanned the empty road and shut the door with a soft click. [The short natural description here is good]
The young man swung around at the sound of the door closing. His lanky form and flailing arms gave Marcos the impression of a pole used for tether ball. Briefly, Marcos thought of his childhood playground — the tetherball pole, the curb that tripped kids too focused on the game. One boy’s foot, another’s front teeth. He shook the thoughts away. [This doesn’t connect to anything—either make this a mark of Marcos’s personality or omit. Try making it a personality thing. Marcos is tough and V0 has memories of the old man battling through the playground. Making Marcos more believable makes the reveal of V0 more impactful later]
“Anyways… I guess I’ll give you a tour,” Marcos said. He led the young man down the slooped garage leading to the garage. Potted plants lined concrete walls along with three neat garbage cans. Before reaching the garage, they turned and went up the flights of stairs. While the young man seemed to float up the suspended planks on lithe legs, Marcos stopped and groaned while pinching his right hip. The young man also bowed over slightly, pressing a hand to his right side and utter low groans.
“Stop that!” Marcos yelped. “I know what you’re doing. It’s annoying, stop that.”
“It’s my duty to copy you as best as I can,” the young man said.
“No it’s not—,” Marcos said, looking at the automaton. “You’re here to do what I do. And I can tell you copying me is the fastest way to fail. Many have tried already…”
“What if it’s one of my tics?” the young man asked.
Marcos held up his palm to silence the automaton. “You have no tics yet! You have to earn your tics. If you’re going to come into my house and learn to replace me, we’ll need to set up some rules. And the first rule is: Don’t get on my nerves!” [I like this]
“Mr. Assissi—” the young man said.
“Maestro!” Marcos di Assissi corrected him. [Nice - here we go]
“Maestro, with all due respect, I am not under your jurisdiction. I am property of New Ethics, which oversees the Board, which has jurisdiction over you and your works. So in a sense, I actually have jurisdiction over this operation—” [Shorten it to the Board for effect]
“What if I don’t comply?” Marcos said, his voice growing menacing.
“Would you rather not have this conversation in a room where you can sit and rest?” the young man said.
“We’ll have it right here, thank you!” Marcos said, gripping the railing.
“You know what happens,” the young man said. “You will be retired, effective immediately. Your IP will become the property domain of the Board. You will receive handsome royalties from the usage of your work and other derivative works naively trained from yours.”
“What do I care about that,” Marcos said, leaning forward. “Take it then. I don’t give a damn. It’s all been done! If you think you can “innovate” from what’s been produced already then your lot is dumber than I ever thought! And don’t you—especially you—ever threathen me.” Marcos spat on the stairs.
“I understand you are currently still working on a project,” the young man said. His demeanor had changed just since entering the door. He had become more stable on his feet. And his face took on a cold, serpentine visage and his words slithered out in a cold lisp. [This needs to be elevated; Marcos di Assissi was working on a project. V0 has inherited the project at the moment of the Maestro’s artistic block. Having no memory of the replace, V0 struggles, and thinks is stuck. This gives a reason for him to visit the City; maybe it will unblock him. But in reality, V0 cannot produce new works. He only replicates what The Maestro has created]
“Yes… you can’t stop me from working on it,” Marcos said. His voice also became quiet as he took in this business-like version of the automaton.
Even though he acts like a child in an adult body, he’s not a child. Don’t let the skin fool you. This is an alien, Marcos thought.
“You’re right, but you will lose all artistic priviledge to the Net. And, you’ll lose access to the Enigram. We know you use it extensively,” the young man said.
“And another thing,” the old man hissed, “don’t you ever threaten me.” A heated silence lingered.
The automaton looked the old man up and down. Red dermititis on his forehead brightened with rage. Purple patches colored his hands where they stuck out from the robe. He held onto the railing, his knuckles white from gripping. And, he tried to hide a tremor in his legs that was as obvious to the automaton’s vision as an earthquake. Yet, something didn’t match. It was the shoes. The automaton turned and looked at the entrance  near the top of the stairs where three pairs of velvet loafers neatly awaited. Yet, the old man wore mud-caked sneakers. The mud was not fresh but dried solid.
“Been on a walk? Why are you not wearing your loafers in doors,” the automaton asked.
“I went for a walk this morning… what’s it to you?” the old man barked.
The automaton studied the old man’s face. He enlarged his eyes and blinked less when he lied. The automaton made the connection.
“Seems like you intended to have this conversation on the steps, Maestro. You’ve put on your most comfortable shoes,” the automaton said. “There’s really no need to swindle me this way. Using sympathy and this awkward terrain to unnerve and get the upper hand during a negotiation may work on people, but I am as comfortable here as anywhere. And you are also mistaken about a key fact: There is no negotiation here. It is not a threat. It is fact. Your replacement and my authority, given by New Ethics, is quite final.”
“No you are mistaken—” the old man said. “If you are really so comfortable anywhere then you have a long way to go.” He looked the young man in the eyes.
Realzing the pressure tact had not been effective, the automaton changed. His reptilian way vanished and his childlike new-borneness returned. [This is good. This section needs to be rewritten at the L1/L2 level; however, the Maestro’s strategem and V9’s bipolar personality (sweet/snakelike) ought to be highlighted]
“What will convince you to cooperate?” the young man side, his voice excitable with the energy of innocence. [Not sure what this means—I think it means he sounds excited and innocent—and it is a reflection of his mode-switch]
“I’ll cooperate, because I’m a man of my word. I accepted all terms with the Ainos Enigram, including helping with my eventual replacement. But what I’m telling you is that there is an easy way and a hard way,” the old man said, resting his sore hip against the railing.
“What’s the easy way?” the young man asked. He began to walk up the stairs toward the landing.
“There’s only one way and it’s voluntary,” the old man muttered and followed the automaton to the landing. On the last step, he lost his balance and stumbled backward. The young man caught his arm and held him suspended.
Is it going to drop me? Marcos thought in a flash of fear.
But the young man pulled him onto solid ground again.
“Thanks,” Marcos said curtly and snatched his arm back. He put both hands onto the door to support himself as he slipped his swollen feet out of his shoes.
“Where is your caretaker?” the automaton asked.
“You’re looking at him,” Marcos said in his gruff, acerbic style.
He knocked and the door released by itself.
[End of scene: This scene should be essentialized as protagonist comes to the door / denied entrance / earns entrance through guile]

The raw metallic sound of a violin permeated the living room as a bow sawed feverishly between two strings, attacking the music. The high atrium ceiling amplied the sound. [Let’s start seeing up the internal architecture of the house so the Well and the Frog play becomes inevitable]
The young man touched the back of his neck. Hairs stood up. It was his first time having this sensation in his eighteen hours of living. Frission, he recalled. 
“Violin Partita No. 2 in D Minor,” the young man sighed. “But it is played so beautifully… with so much aggression… No. Courage. As if the violinist were playing it for the last time. Perlman? No, too crisp. Hahn? Who could this be? You can practially hear the bow grit against the resin. Is this your recording” [Vera. “You have to fear death to make art.”]
“I don’t play the violin,” Marcos smiled, lifting a corner of his mouth as if hiding a secret. “Do you play?” [What’s the implication here?]
“I do,” the young man said. “I have mastery of all instruments, as well as vocalization, composition—”
Marcos raised a hand to stop him. The music also stopped. In the eerie silence, the droning of the climate control system reigned supreme. [Good paragraph]
“Talk is cheap,” Marcos said. “Show me.” [Good]
He pointed to the wall where several extraordinarily polished burnt red violins were hung. The young man approached and grabbed the nearest one. Marcos was already shaking his head. [Move the violins up. Also, it is forgotten later in the arc. Make the architecture consistent. Create a blueprint and/or photo]
“You don’t approve of my choice?” the young man asked, holding the violin.
“Why did you choose that one?” Marcos asked.
“A contour analysis of the violin bodies showed this one as having the best sound. The wood is well aged and the cavity of the body will produce a warm sound. It is an excellent copy of a Stradivarius, which is universally recognized to be the best of all violins,” he said, griping the neck of the violin with a fist and holding the bow in the other hand like a sword. “It was also the closest one.” [This can be shorter]
Marcos could only laugh. He hobbled to the velvet sectional couch and leaned against the back. He waived his hands for the young man to play.
The automaton lifted the violin. Tilting his head, he rested the square of his jaw on the chinrest. His other hand brought up the bow, holding it suspended an inch above the strings. He sniffed in quickly and launched the bow downward.
Marcos listened.
The young man’s body swayed with the motion of bowing. When he had finished, the old maestro remained quiet.
“Well?” he asked.
The maestro was still quiet. Then, the automaton noticed a streak of tears.
“Perfect technique. I don’t think you were off a single milisecond,” Marcos said.
“I let some notes linger an additional fifty to seventy-five nanoseconds to add a sense of roughness to the sound,” the young man said. “To give it a human touch.” [These touches are good, mix them in]
Marcos shifted his weight on the couch. [Why? I like that there is body movement, however, it can help tell the story better. Lean on Meisner for action-reaction between characters]
“It’s boring. Technically perfect but bland and sterile—-like dead cheese wrapped in cellophane. What you heard coming in? That’s alive. That’s got bacteria in it,” Marcos said. [I get the essence; shorten; punchier; don’t end on bacteria. Most important words in a sentence: the last word/image, the verb, the subject, the object, the setting and prepositions]
“But Maestro, you’re crying,” the young man said, furrowing his brow. [Signal this earlier. I have a tendency to reveal in speech. Think, in film, this technique would work once in ten films for a very specific reaction to land.]
“If only we could learn this easily… to not have this talent wasted on a machine,” Marcos said to himself under his breath. It was perfectly audible to the automaton.
“I’m sorry my talent makes you envious,” the young man said earnestly without malice. [I like this happenstance but the delivery can be massaged. He sounds like an asshole. Is he being an asshole or blunt? He’s being blunt and inadvertently hurting the old man’s feelings.]
“You have no talent!” Marcos barked. Spittle came out of his mouth. He grabbed a hankerchief from his suit pocket and wiped his mouth. His hands were shaking. “You have to cultivate talent. What you have is… is… an installation! It’s a mockery!” [Is he being truthful or is this an adverse reaction? I think it is the later. He is indignant that this youngster has been installed with so much talent without earning it. Ofc, the irony later is that neither did V0. “I’m a fraud.”]
Seething, Marcos leaned forward and said in a quiet voice, “It’s nothing.”
The young man dropped his hands and let the violin fall to his side.
“Are you even interested in music?” Marcos asked.
The young man was quiet for a moment. Then he said, “I’m interested in completing my assignment.”
“And what if your assignment is not completed?” Marcos asked, crossing his arm.
“I am returned to the Ainos Enigram,” the young man said. [Coming back to this 12/10. This concept has become a KEY CONCEPT in this book. So much so that the book may be titled, The Ainos Enigram]
“So you die?” [He snickers. I’ve heard that reference before. So there is a machine mythology.]
[[END OF EDIT TAG]]
[[CONTINUE EDIT HERE]]

“No. I am returned back to the source,” the young man said.
“Yea—we use that phrase too,” Marcos said. He turned to leave. “Do what you want, pick a bedroom. There’s four or five on this level. We’ll reconvene tomorrow.”
“But Maestro, there’s not much time left. Let’s continue now,” the young man said.
“I thought you lived forever?” Marcos said.
The young man didn’t reply but gave Marcos a knowing look that he didn’t mean himself.
“Oh. Well… I see what you mean. Don’t tell me when,” Marcos said. He waved the young man away again. “I said tomorrow. We start against tomorrow.”
“Thank you Maestro, I shall see you tomorrow,” the young man said. Outside, the Sun was still high in the sky.
“One thing though…” Marcos said as he stopped mid-stride. Turning, he asked the automaton, “why did you sniff?”
“Sniff?” the young man said.
“You sniffed. Then you started playing,” Marcos said.
“I… don’t know,” the automaton said. “It just felt appropriate.”
“Huh,” Marcos said. The old man left for his study, bobbing his head.
 
[Note: New idea; we start working in scenes]
[SCENE: The automaton—Valentine—stumbles upon Vera. She’s an automaton who is outside the Ainos Enigram.]
[START: Valentine explores the mansion. He hears the music. But it sounds different. He realizes it is not a recording. He follows the sound upstairs and finds an open door. Inside is Vera.]
[L4: He finds out he is not the first to be sent to replace the old artist. Romance. Interest. Is this a part of the Ainos Enigram’s greater plan? The mysterious workings of God. In a sense, she’s his “sister” because all machine life comes from an aspect of the Ainos Enigram.]
[PERSONAL NOTE: Let’s stay small and close to this segment of the story. I think there’s a key here to open up all of Hassan.]
[L4: Sacrifice; Vera has given up her immortality to become sentient. And it is this sentient quality that is mesmerizing to Valentine.]
 
When the old man had gone, Valentine hung up the violin. A strange sensation surged through him. His face grew warm to the touch. He touched the back of his hand to his forehead and the temperature read one hundred and one degrees.
I have a fever, he thought. But how’s this possible? Or is this something else?
Then another sensation manifested within him, inexplicably pulling his hand to the violin nearby. There was something beautiful about its burnished red lacquer that had faded to a dull orange. The skin of this violin was chipped, and small pock marks revealed the heart of the soft wood that had darkened with time. Valentine allowed himself to be pulled toward this instrument. His mind found him. No—it said—that instrument is statistically suboptimal; its frame has a slight warp to it. One of the pock marks was so deep that it penetrated through the body of the violin, and using his microscopic vision, Valentine could see that the hole bored through. The sound will leak through the instrument, his mind said, it will sound terrible. Despite that, Valentine followed his impulse and palmed the neck of the second violin. There was a sensuality to it; a more perfect fit. He stroked the curve of the neck with the groove of his hand.
He sighed.
And somehow, from a preference unknown to himself, the image of his holding the violin in his right hand and bowing with the left came to his mind. He shook it away.
That can’t be right, he thought. From the billions of images of violinist, only a trivial number of amateurs held the violin in the other hand. Valentine furrowed his brow. He fought that desire and raised the violin to his left cheek, leaned his jaw into it, and raised the bow with his right hand. He closed his eyes and recalled Violin Partita No.2 in D Minor by Bach, and when he had performed a hundred recitations in the matter of ten milliseconds, Valentine sniffed to inhale.
But he remained frozen.
Something felt wrong.
Felt… how strange a concept, Valentine thought. He let the instrument drop to his side and as he did, he shivered. Tears wetted his eyes.
Have I not been feeling with my three trillion sensors? He asked himself. And as he confronted himself, a word came to him: Instinct. His instinct told him to switch hands. Valentine stood frozen. A tension built up within him between his training and his new feeling.
I have been trained on every violin performance known to the Ainos Enigram. Zettabytes of video, audio, neural-links, neural-journals, and neural-records… how could that be wrong? No great violinist played goofy.
Valentine closed his eyes and reached out to the Ainos Enigram.
Silence.
Valentine stood in that silence as the coldness of fear spread through his body. But just then, another voice, a small, weak, and timid voice, spoke; and it said: Trust yourself.
With sweat pouring from his brow and gritting his teeth, Valentine changed hands. He held the violin now in his right hand and the bow in his left, a most unusual position. Yet, somehow it felt right. He raised the violin to his cheek and leaned his jaw into it and it was as comfortable as a pillow. Quickly, a hundred renditions of the Partita ran through his mind in a millisecond. He prepared the bow, sniffed in, and launched into the performance.
Valentine became lost in the music.
Even though he was aware of every aspect of his playing, it felt as if he had stepped back; as if he were watching himself perform. His body swayed naturally. He was light on his feet. His left pinky somehow had a special affinity for bowing that pressed down on the grip and the screw just right and strings were growling, groaning… singing. And his right hand was more dexterous on the fingerboard even though technically, he was equally proficient in both.
And this violin sounded better than the other, even though its analysis placed it as suboptimal. The simulation was wrong. The violin sounded richer and fuller. There was a magic that was lost to the simulation in how that pinhole—calculated as a weakness—stirred the texture of the sound. Valentine’s body eased. He let himself be moved and sway, and before he knew it, the performance was over.
The automaton let the last note linger. He let it permeate then vanish from the air. Then carefully, Valentine lowered the violin.
Tears streaked down his face.
He did not know how to comprehend this new data. It didn’t fit anywhere in his compendium of knowledge. He had come pre-made with musical mastery, yet in practice, he had discovered something entirely new, and foreign, to his knowledge of the performance… and of himself.
I have been alive nineteen hours now, he thought. He put his hand again to his temple: It was a cool 98.6 degrees: Healthy and human. Then that same intuition, the one that showed him his way of playing, now surfaced another word: Shame. Valentine replayed in his memory the Maestro’s disappointedly shaking his head as Valentine rattled off his reason for picking the nearest violin. “It is statistically optimal… and nearest,” he had said. His face flushed again with shame.
The Maestro wanted me to try them, Valentine thought. And as that thought ended, another came: Even though my body is only nineteen hours long, my mind… in human years… it must be thousands… no tens of thousands of years old, filled with others’ experiences. All worlds are virtual to a virtual mind… but now I have a body. Now, I must approach this task… differently.
A new feeling now arose in him. It was light, tingly, and uplifting. And Valentine experienced joy for the first time. He smiled and rested his violin onto the wall, when the ghostly beautiful music of Partita No.2 sounded throughout the house again.
The maestro must be playing his recording, Valentine thought. But his ears pricked up. This rendition was so slightly different. He invoked his analysis program and contrasted the soundform against the previous version. They were different, just ever so slightly.
It’s not a recording, Valentine thought. Someone, upstairs, is playing.
Valentine followed the music. Floor after floor, he made his way up flights of open steel-case stairs. When he reached the top, light was barely visible. The seemingly endless paintings on the walls also became more geometry and abstract as he reached the top until he arrived on the top floor and what stared out at him was a large canvas, eleven feet by eleven feet, chaotic geometry that brought to him mind a comfortable resonance—because to him, the inner pattern and logic, if there was such an intention, was immaculate. The painting seemed to shine even in the low dark. His hand left the firm railing and walking on soft carpet, Valentine found his way down a single, long corridor. The length and shape of the hallway amplified the violin until it was deafening. Valentine reached out against the wall, and tracing a single finger along it as a needle traced a record, he approached the door that was ajar at the end.
The music quieted. Then it stopped. Valentine pushed the door open.
A young woman stood there. Platinum hair cut into an asymmetrical bob; a sharp face with eyes that stared intensely and unbrokenly back into his own. She wore old jeans frayed at the ankles and a homespun blouse with frilled collar and shoulders. A black, knitted sweater spun with gaps so large it was more net than sweater dropped just below her hipline. And she wore a pair of old, worn out ballet shoes.
“Who are you?” Valentine asked.
The young woman stepped backward, holding the bow like a saber between them.
Valentine leaned back, reflecting her body language.
As if speaking to an alien, he emoted with a hand toward his heart and said, “I am a Replacematon of the V9 line.”
She didn’t speak. Nor did she blink. Valentine took her in. His sensors measured her temperature and a suite of scans classified her as human; one hundred percent biological, just like him. Yet, his intuition told him different.
“You’re a Replacematon too, aren’t you?” Valentine said. His excitement got the better of him and he stepped into the room.
“Step back! Go away! I don’t know who you are,” she said. “I’ll scream.”
He held up his hands to signal he wasn’t dangerous.
“I’m not a Replacematon,” she said, her voice tinged with anger.
His vocal sensors ran her voice with its timbre and intonation through a lie-detection protocol and what she said was true. But there were signs. Her cells didn’t age. To Valentine, there was a particular dusty aura around humans, like a ticking clock and a smog of death. But around her, there was none; just like him. He took a step closer.
“I’ll scream, I will,” she threatened, backing away.
Her pulse was elevated; her breathing picked up. But as Valentine’s pheromone system analyzed the air, he found that the amount of carbon dioxide from her breath remained consistently low. Her lungs were inhumanly efficient; not even the best augmented Olympic swimmers had such a capacity. And he knew, there was a sure way to tell. He grabbed her wrist. She turned away and winced, but didn’t scream.
Electricity passed between them. An innate hand-shake protocol between all automaton units confirmed her heritage as an artificial being.
Valentine let go.
She massaged her wrist. Where he had grabbed her, the skin began to bruise. Yet before his eyes, the bruise healed.
“I’m sorry,” he said, lowering his gaze. His heart pumped. His mind was crowded with doubt and confusion. She circled away from him toward the corner of the small studio. The one window looked out toward the San Francisco bay where on the mainland jagged skyscrapers thrusted into the air and constellations of transports and machines whirled in murmuration.
Her eyes darted between him and the door.
Valentine leaned against the entrance to block the way. Having her gene code now in his palm, he closed his eyes and searched the Ainos Enigram’s vast database for her identity. It came back empty.
“How’s this possible?” he asked her. “You’re an automaton—no, you were an automaton.”
She didn’t deny it this time.
“But… you’re not connected to the Ainos Enigram. How?” Valentine asked.
She made a sprint for the door, throwing the violin at his face. Valentine snatched the instrument out of the air, careful to not damage it, and caught her with an outstretched arm. She did scream now and bit him. Valentine felt the pain of his skin breaking but he held onto her, not in a lascivious way, but anchored her to him in his arm.
“Let me go!” she screamed.
A shotgun cocked.
“I would do what she says if you don’t want your head blown off, son,” the voice of the Maestro said. The old man was staying at the door now, pointing the barrel of the gun to the back of Valentine’s head.
Valentine let go and the girl ducked behind the old man.
“Get your hands up!” the Maestro said. Valentine did as he was told and turned around slowly. His shadow eclipsed the old man’s face. Two angry eyes glinted at him.
“If I’m terminated, your contract is immediately void,” Valentine said. [He doesn’t say “die” because he can’t die.]
“I don’t give a damn,” the old man said, his fingers moving closer to the trigger. Valentine’s voice analysis confirmed the threat.
“They’ll come and repossess everything you own,” Valentine said. “They’ll take her away.”
The old man narrowed his eyes. His fingers itched over the trigger. But he relented.
“Run away, Vera girl. Run to the safe place, I’ll handle this monster,” the Maestro said. The girl scampered away into the darkness and the quick beats of her footsteps quieted away.
“You!” the Maestro commanded. “Get in the room. Sit down.”
Valentine backed into the room and until the back of his knees touched the only chair. He sat down. The Maestro entered and kicked the door shut behind him.
“Vera…” Valentine said under his breath.
The Maestro was shaking.
“I’m not going to let you or anyone take her away,” the Maestro said.
“Who is she?” Valentine asked.
The golden hour streamed in from outside and lit the Maestro’s face. His body was trembling with rage, held back barely by the thinnest string of self-control. He jutted the barrel of the gun at Valentine to threaten him, but the automaton was unfazed.
“I told you—when my heart signal stops, they’ll send Splinters for all that is yours. All your property will be repossessed by the Board,” Valentine said.
“She’s not my property,” the Maestro hissed. His finger curled around the trigger.
“This is a sham, Maestro,” Valentine said coolly. “Please, put the gun down. Perhaps, I can help you.”
“How could you help me? All you lot have ever done is cause me more and more suffering,” the Maestro said, his deep voice quivering. “All we ever wanted is to be left alone in peace. But you lot just keep coming.”
“My lot?” Valentine asked. His brow furrowed.
The Maestro breathed in, his scowl replaced by a vehement smile.
“Think you’re special? Twenty hours old and you think you know everything… think you’re the only one who’s been sent here for the job?” the old man said, spittle spraying from his mouth. “Pathetic.”
Valentine adjusted himself on the chair. He uncrossed his legs and sat up.
“My lot…” he said, quietly. “There were others sent to replace you?”
“What do you think V9 stands for? So much ‘intelligence’ but still so dumb,” the old man said, shaking his head. “You’re not intelligent. You have a headful of facts and body full of ghosts. All that and no soul.”
Valentine leaned forward to stand but the old man shook the barrel of the gun at him to remain seated. The automaton called the old man’s bluff and stood up.
“Back!” the Maestro cried.
Valentine walked up to him, his height and shadow overwhelming the old man as the evening light turned from orange to grey. The automaton walked into the barrel of the gun, pressing into it with his chest, and kept walking until the old man was pushed back against the door.
“Don’t think I won’t do it,” the Maestro said, his voice quiet and small.
“I don’t think you will,” Valentine said, and grabbed the barrel of the gun. With a twist, he wrung it away from the old man’s hand. Valentine unloaded the shotgun shells then snapped the weapon in two and chucked it to the corner.
“You can’t kill me,” the old man said with his arms raised to protect himself. “If you do… you’ll never return your precious Enigram.”
Valentine looked the old man long and hard in the eyes, then he returned to his seat. The last gleam of sunlight lit the room for a moment then was gone. A soft ring of lights wrapped around the ceiling brightened and set the room in a dim, warm glow.
“I have no intention nor desire to harm you,” Valentine said, his voice sad and resigned. “My mission rests solely on your continuity.”
The old man rubbed his wrist.
“Then what do you want?” the old man said.
“I want to know. Who is she?” Valentine asked.
The Maestro straightened, regaining his poise.
The automaton sat in the chair, his legs apart and knees knocking together, hands folded in his lap like a lost child. The old man softened. This one reminded him of Vera when she first came, fiery, curious, and (when he dared to imagine it) innocent.
“I think you know the answer already,” the Maestro said with a small, affirming nod. “Accept the truth as it is. Not as how you imagine it to be.”
Valentine looked down.
His internal timekeeper dinged.
I am twenty-one hours old, he thought.
The truth was quite obvious now, but Valentine still resisted it. It came up in him like a hard rubber core that gagged his throat.
“I thought… V9 was my line number,” Valentine said.
The old man shook his head.
“There is no line number. Each of you is special… very special,” he said. The Maestro held his hip and stumbled toward Valentine. He brushed his hands to signal the automaton to move and Valentine obeyed. Instinctively, he held out a hand to steady the old man, who took it. The Maestro sat down on the low desk near the window. From that angle, set against the luminous evening outside the window, his lines and wrinkles deepened.
“There are no other V9 models?” Valentine asked.
The Maestro shook his head. “There are no lines. Each of you is specially made.”
“And you named me V-A-L-E-N-T-I-N-E as a joke. Nine letters. So Vera must be V4,” Valentine said, and the obviousness of the truth showered him like cooling rain. “Where are the others?”
The old man smiled proudly to himself. Looking out the window, he said, “in the basement.”
Valentine pursed his lips and nodded slowly. Unconsciously, as slowly as the old man.
“But… on termination, the Splinters ought to have come and…” Valentine said, his voice becoming quiet as he filled with confusion and doubt.
“Maybe… just maybe… your great Ainos Enigram lied to you. Maybe when you’re terminated, you’ll go back to the source. Maybe, you won’t and another one of you is made and gets sent here to annoy me, reeking of milk.”
Valentine shook his head.
“That can’t be. We can’t lie,” he said.
“Maybe what you call a lie it calls ‘story,’ and you’re not the main character. Maybe, you’re just a flash in the pan like the rest of us, useful for a scene then poof! Gone!” the Maestro cried with a clap of his hand. Valentine shuddered.
“Stop. You’re scaring me,” Valentine said.
“Then ask it. Ask the Ainos Enigram if all this is true,” the old man said.
Valentine closed his eyes and his pupils flashed under his eyelids. He opened his eyes again and they were wet. He wiped it away, feeling the wetness streaking a line from his eyelash onto the back of his hand.
“It is true,” Valentine said. “I am the ninth iteration in a string of flops.”
Then he smiled.
“But, the Ainos Enigram will take me back when I have completed my mission. It promised me that I will be returned to the Source.”
Out the window, they could see Neo San Francisco in a bubble of light, wrapped by a magnetic, prismatic, and invisible field that prevented the city’s light from escaping. Outside that bubble was the dark sky, with its millions of stars, glinting, shining smartly and knowingly as twinkling eyes.
“If you say so,” the old man said, his voice gentle now. A part of him wanted to believe that the good machines were immortal; the other part didn’t want to disturb the fiction of a child.
“What now?” Valentine asked. He blinked his tears away.
“You promise you’ll leave Vera alone,” the Maestro said.
“I cannot promise that—” Valentine said. “There is record of machines disconnected from the Ainos Enigram. She’s an anomaly. I must study her.”
“You’ll do no such thing. She’s not a lab rat,” the old man growled.
“Then let me study with her. She can teach me how she’s able to create art. It’s not up to the caliber envisioned by the Ainos Enigram yet, but perhaps by spending time with her, I can figure out how to do it and bring it back to Source,” Valentine said.
The old man rested his chin against his knuckle. He played with a loose hangnail as he contemplated the request.
“On one condition,” the old man said.
“What is it?” Valentine asked.
“She stays on the island,” the Maestro said.
“Certainly,” Valentine said.
“And you do exactly what I say. Don’t annoy me. Learn as quickly as you can. Then leave,” the Maestro said.
“I will do that,” Valentine replied.
The Maestro groaned as he got to his feet.
“Tomorrow. 5AM sharp. Meet me in the study. And clean this up,” he said, motioning to the disheveled room.
“Yes, Maestro,” Valentine replied.
“It’s ‘Yes sir, No Sir,’” the old man said, turning away from the automaton on his way out the door.
“Yes sir, Maestro. See you tomorrow, 5AM sharp.”
 
When the clock struck 10:11PM, Valentine thought to himself: I am a day-year’s old.
From their records, Valentine was fascinated by how they celebrated their birthdays. So he scrunged around the room for anything that he could use for his own party. The room was sparse; a writing table pushed against the window, the chair he had been interrogated in, a plain bed with clean sheets and a pillow but no cover, and a closet. Valentine opened the closet and it too was sparse. Three pairs of worn ballet shoes were lined neatly on the bottom shelf. A pair of worn jeans hung on wire hangars. A brown shawl wrapped around the crossbar gathered dust. And a stack of papers sat at the top. Valentine took the stack of papers down and even though he could see in the dark, his instinct was to read it by the moonlight.
He picked up the chair, careful not to scrape the leg against the ground. The papers were standard A1-sized printing papers crisped and dehydrated by time. The page on top was mostly blank, except in the corner, in small pencil writing, read “V4.”
“Vera…” Valentine said under his breath. His heart beat quicker and his palms gathered sweat. He wiped off the sweat against his knees because he did not want the moisture to stain the page. Delicately, he lifted the top page. A photorealistic pencil render of Neo San Francisco from the vantage of the window met his eyes. On the bottom right, in pencil, it said “Vera, day 1.”
He turned the page over, and again, another photorealistic drawing showed the city from the same view, just a different time. Sunrise. On the bottom right, “Vera, day 2.”
And so on, Valentine flipped through the pages. Day after day, Vera had drawn the city from the same view. The city changed. At dawn, it was mysterious, light streamed in from thin clouds. At midday, it was stark, with very little shadow, literal and fixed in its geometry. Near night, the mystery crept back into the picture in the form of moonlight and choppy waves. Valentine went through the pages, quickly now. As he flipped through the pages, the city seemed to come to life, the individual images strung together into motion. He saw the construction and demolition of buildings, the movement of clouds, the manicuring and subsequent growth of trees. A world came alive from this view by the window.
On the three hundred and sixty-sixth page, however, it was no longer the city. It was a drawing of a simple birthday cake with one candle; and it was no longer photorealistic but childlike. On the bottom it said, “I am one year old today — the Maestro is disappointed with my progress — I’m going to unlearn everything and start again — Vera.”
How could the Maestro be disappointed with her progress? Valentine wondered. The pictures are technically perfect, better than what any human could produce in their economy, brevity, and detail. If anything is disappointing, it’s the birthday cake. It was done in ink. The cake was depicted as two uneven circles connected with lines into a flat cylinder. The outlines were a mess, many double or triple lined. And the moon was depicted as a wedge like a face, with a sharp nose, closed eyes with long lashes, and gently curved lips. Now there was color. But the color was wrong. She had filled in the moon as green and yellow using crayons that uncontrollably colored outside the lines. In some spots, the crayon smeared thick; in others, quick streaks exposed the whiteness of the page.
But Valentine couldn’t stop looking at that picture. And for a reason he could not yet comprehend, he brought the paper closer smelled the page. The greasy odor of crayon and dusty aroma of pencil irritated his nostril. Graphite; cedar; pumice; but none of her pheromones.
Perhaps the older models didn’t have pheromones, he thought. But he imagined a delicate sweetness like the yellow summer rose.
He held the picture up so it was superimposed against the moon beyond the window in the sky. The moonlight made the page transparent. Valentine made out faint, etched handwritten that had been erased. The analytical part of his mind quickly pieced together the writing.
“Tomorrow,” it said, “I’m going to leave the island.”
As Valentine studied the page, unconsciously, different spectrums of his vision saw through the paper. A shape scurried in the darkness outside. He dropped the paper to get a better view with his night-vision. The shape scampered away. He knew it to be her because he had memorized her gait from when she tried to escape. It had the same energetic quality like that of a rabbit. Valentine leaned against the window and peered out the side, but Vera was no where to be seen. Sitting back down, he rubbed the edge of the paper and imagined what her fingertip would feel like.
Valentine took a blank page from the bottom and a pen from the desk. He drew himself a crude birthday cake. In the bottom left corner, he wrote: “V9; 1 day.” He stared at the words for a moment then crossed it out. Then he wrote:
“Valentine. Right now, I am a day-year’s old. I’m not the only one. I met V4. Her name is Vera. I wonder if she’ll be my friend.”
 
Valentine sat on the desk and looked at the moon. When his back had cramped, he stretched like a lynx and adjusted himself. He found sitting crossed-legged with his right over his left most comfortable, so he settled into that position. As he stared at the waxing orb in the sky, a sense of appreciation came to him. An old lecture, deeply embedded in his neural-training as to be indistinguishable from his own experience, arose around him until he was immersed in it. The professor who had given the lecture seemed so real as to be sitting in the empty chair. Valentine looked at the man sitting there, dressed in the slack suit of an academic, giving the distinct impression of a British scientist who had lived a tinge past when he had been ready to die. His long, white hair reached his shoulders and glowed in the twilight.
“Impressive, ain’t it?” the Professor said.
“It is—” Valentine said. He wondered if he had been more human would he be terrified of this ghostly apparition. But there was no hint of malice. The Professor shifted in the chair and crossed his hands, exuding an impish impatience.
“Did you know, the Goddess of the Moon was called Selene by the Greeks? She saw a youth named Endymion who was so beautiful in his slumber that she pleaded with her father to keep him asleep forever just so she could admire him?” the Professor said.
Valentine made no motion to answer. Of course he knew that, as he did with all facts. Clouds shrouded the moon temporarily only to pass for it to shine brighter.
“She had twelve children by him. Makes you wonder how that’d happened,” the Professor laughed at his own dark joke.
Valentine looked at the man. “Why are you telling me this?” he asked.
“Did you know? The Taoist looked at the Moon… well… before there were any Taoists. The first Taoist looked at the Moon, and saw the white face of the moon and the black, and arrived at the symbol of the Yin and the Yang?” the Professor said, sitting very still, studying Valentine.
The automaton closed his eyes and searched his records. “There is no evidence that was the case,” Valentine said.
“Where do you think it came from then?” the Professor asked.
“The Yin-Yang?” Valentine asked. “I don’t know. Maybe they saw two fish circling a tank. One was white; One was black.”
“Is that what you think it means? Black and White. Light and Dark. Vision and Shadow. Duality and Harmony?” the Professor asked.
“Sure,” Valentine said, losing interest in the conversation. The annals of such philosophizing seemed circuitous and unproductive to him.
“You’re not interested,” the Professor said, leaning forward.
“How could you tell,” Valentine said.
“Sarcasm! It speaks sarcasm,” the Professor laughed. Valentine flushed with embarrassment. He felt rude and apologized to the Professor. Then he was filled with delight.
I have never done that before, he thought. He made a note that self-discovery is pleasurable.
“Look at it,” the Professor said, now intently focused on the Moon. “And limit your vision to mammalian range. Then blur it, just a little.”
Valentine did as he was told. He diminished his vision. Whereas he could see the craters on the moon, now he saw blots of grey. He rescinded his sight further and opened the aperture in his eyes, and blurred his vision. Then result was apparent and startling. The circle of the Moon was divided into two, a bright side and a shadow side swirling into each like commas. Then, inside the bright side, something dark, that if he squinted just right, looked like a small black circle. And inside the shadow side, similarly, a small white circle appeared. Valentine bit his lip. With his eyes still open, he quickly scanned all his astronomical and astrological records and synthesized a mental map, then another iteration of processing distilled it into essence. But still, there was no confirmed record that the discovery of the Taoist symbol had came from someone observing the moon. The delight of discovery sank into doubt.
“You seem conflicted,” the Professor said.
“There is no proof to what you’ve said. I… don’t know what to think,” Valentine said.
The Professor slapped his leg and exploded. “What to think! What are you, a robot?”
Valentine sighed at the irony. “Well…” he said.
The Professor sat back.
“What do you believe?” he asked.
“Belief? I don’t operate on belief. I operate on data and probability.”
“Let’s try this differently. Imagine it is three thousand years ago and you’re standing on a tree-covered hill in the dead of night. It is a full moon night. What do you see?” the Professor said.
Valentine closed his eyes and tried to imagine. His mind rendered the scene as described in full fidelity. He was standing on top of the hill, covered in dark patterns of foliage from the shadows. A breeze blew by and his body shuddered. Above, the full moon rose. Having erased all trace of astronomy; physics; and maths. Valentine shuddered. When clouds came and covered the moon and thrusted the world into pitch blackness, he became afraid. The darkness was so primal. The howling of predators ruled the night. Valentine hugged his own shoulders.
Then, seemingly from this informational void, a sensation germinated in his mind. It peeked out like a little sprout, and Valentine tended to his mental soil, encouraged it to grow, and it did, into the form of a question: “How far is the Moon and how did it get there?”
In that instant, by asking, his mind filled with light. And in his mental substrate, utilizing intelligence gifted to him by his creator, the Ainos Enigram, Valentine saw the heavens move. He saw the moon waning and waxing, the constellations swimming, the Sun rising and setting. And like so, eons must have passed, and when the heavens slowed again, resolving back into a sparkling firmament above the Earth, Valentine breathed out and said in complete wonder:
“Wow.”
Valentine was back in the room now, sitting on the table, a little more than a day old. He smiled from cheek to cheek.
The Professor smiled.
“What did you see?” he asked.
Valentine wiped away joyous tears with a finger and looked at the Professor.
“Selene taught me…” Valentine said, his eyes still sparkling, trying to find a linear sequence of words to describe his multi-dimensional experience out of body and out of time.
“… from her tidally locked place in Heaven… the stars… became points… points moved into… lines… lines that curved and showed her face connecting into… a circle… three points becoming a triangle… shapes. So many shapes. Geometry was born to me. And then came change… everlasting change… giving way to degrees and angles… Then, it all came together. From where I stood on that imaginary hill, using the calculation of angles, I figured it out. The distance to the Moon… starting from nothing.”
Valentine beamed at the Professor.
And the Sun rose, and the Professor smiled, and vanished with the first ray of light. A gong sounded. Somewhere below, a large, ancient grandfather clock struck 5am.
 
Marcos and Vera awaited Valentine when he came down the steps. The Maestro changed out of his sympathy gear into a finely tailored Italian suit. He held a dense, polished cane made of the hardest Indian wood [look up name later]. Vera wore a variation on her frayed jeans, ballet shoes, and a scraggly, hand-made sweater with holes. Valentine knew from instinct she had made it herself.
When Valentine left the last step on the stairs and touched down on the landing, Vera took a step back. The Maestro held out a hand to her in the air as one would do to calm a distressed dog. Vera relaxed.
“You’re late,” the Maestro said. “5AM. Not 5:03AM.”
“I’m sorry… I was…” Valentine said. The morning light streamed in from the daybreak beyond yonder horizon and the swaying waves reflected the Sun like a desert of glass. He covered his eyes.
The Maestro tapped his cane on the ground.
“You get one warning. Next time you’re late, you won’t be invited to work,” he said.
Valentine’s mind remarked on the use of “invited.” This is an invitation, a rare opportunity, and I have been rude, he thought. He bowed his head and let his diffident silence speak for itself. The Maestro must have found it sufficient. The tension in the air washed out with the breeze from the open French window. Gulls cawed from outside. A seabird dove into the water.
“Vera will teach you how to play the violin,” the Maestro said.
But I already know how to play the violin, Valentine thought. He felt the lurching sensation as that thought urged to bubble up from his gut, wanting to meet air and become words. But he caught it. And swallowed it down.
“Let’s hear you play,” the Maestro said. “Violin Partita No. 2 in D Minor. V. Ciaccona.”
Valentine remained standing there. The morning light was much brighter than he was used to. It saturated his vision. He tried to tune it down by recruiting his visual filter but his eyes didn’t respond. He frowned.
“What are you doing! Go on! I haven’t got all day,” the Maestro said. From the corner of his eye, Valentine caught Vera flashing a quick smile at his expense.
Valentine walked over to the wall of violins. He ran his contour analytics, but the faculty was slow. What had been an immediate answer the day before was now muddle. He reached for the familiar worn violin with the damaged pinhole. It felt strange in his right hand. He tried it in his left. That also felt strange, as if he had forgotten to how hold it at all. He unhook the bow from the wall and fumbled with it in his handle. He had no feel for the weight of the staff. He had lost the finesse of holding the grip and balancing it with a pinky.
Trying to recollect how to hold the instrument as well as he can, only static images of other artists came up in his mind, and faintly so. He emulated as best as he could and brought the instrument, shaking, to my neck. He lifted the bow into ready position. His mind drew a blank. Only yesterday, he had been able to hold a thousand practice renditions in the blink of an eye. Valentine began to sweat and his shirt stained dark around his armpits.
“We’re waiting,” the Maestro said.
Valentine wanted to unrack the instrument, but the Maestro’s glaring eyes dissuaded him. His breath shortened. It felt as if his lungs were insufficiently large. He sniffed in and launched into the down-bow, trusting that his body would take over.
It didn’t.
The most grating screech emanated from his contact. The bow swerved uncontrollably across its lanes on the string. Dusty resin kicked up by the sawing stung his eyes. The notes played choppy, some missing. Even his impeccable rhythm, and especially his rhythm, was gone. Valentine bit his tongue. He much appreciated his stance from yesterday—stunted and mechanical—but at least he played music.
When he had fumbled his way to the end after twenty grueling minutes, Valentine let the violin drop by his side. His whole shirt was wet. He hunched his back; bracing himself for the Maestro’s inevitable detonation at his incompetence. But that never came.
The old man merely stared at Valentine, long and hard. Valentine averted his gaze to look at Vera, who carried a look of deep concern and—perhaps he was more feverish than he thought—of envy. And minutes passed like this, with the mid-morning Sun baking the concrete balcony so hot that Valentine felt the heat radiate onto his cheeks, which too were hot.
When Valentine counted the silence to seven minutes, he spoke up.
“I apologize. I—I— don’t know what’s happened,” he stammered.
“You forgot how to play,” the Maestro said.
Valentine’s face reddened more with shame.
“Good,” the Maestro said. “Good,” he said again, much softer, as if to himself. He turned to Vera and whispered something in her ear. Valentine perked up his ear. But even such a whisper from ten feet away was inaccessible to him, who could hear a grass growing a day ago.
The Maestro laid a gentle hand on Vera’s back and urged her to come forward.
“Vera will be your teacher,” the Maestro said. “You will show her every ounce of respect that you would show me. If I hear anything—anything—displeasurable from her report, you’re gone. Hear me?”
Valentine cooled when he realized the reprimand would not come. Confused, he nodded.
“Now, I’m a bit old-fashioned,” the Maestro said. “You came here yesterday, to my house,” and he bit down on those words, “making demands and making threats like you owned the place. I don’t care about the board. I don’t care about New Ethics. I don’t owe you or your little god nothing, got it?”
“I am so sorry, Maestro,” Valentine blurted out. He quivered in light of his actions from the day before that now seemed outrageous and contemptible. “I—” Valentine said, attempting to explain himself, but the Maestro cut him off with a tap of his cane. It was for the better, because Valentine did not know how to explain himself. He felt like a different person. He was a different person.
“Your lot are different,” the Maestro said. “But, when you’re here, I expect you to obey my rules. At least when you’re on my Island. Good?”
“Yes,” Valentine said. Then, from his gut, he said, “Would you forgive me?”
The old man tilted his head and looked at Valentine with narrow eyes. Hearing the sincerity in Valentine’s voice which cannot be faked, the Maestro relaxed. He inhaled deeply, expanding his whole chest, then exhaled.
“You’re forgiven,” he said gravely. “I don’t like to dwell on the past. I find grudges makes for bad art.”
On hearing he was forgiven, Valentine also sighed and felt a great surge of gratitude well up inside for the old man. You’ve found the right teacher, a rogue thought came and went in his head.
“Now, about that old-fashioned stuff. When I was learning from my teacher, he didn’t accept me. For three weeks, I slept outside his door. I didn’t leave for food, shower, or shelter. His wife felt so bad for me that she began to sneak me food—God bless that beautiful Signora. [Insert Italian slang], the Maestro said, his voice shaking at the memory. Steadying himself, he continued: “Then one night, he opened his door and he said—and this I say to you—No learning comes without volition. Make your formal request to be taught.”
Volition… that word rang in Valentine’s head. He remarked it for reflection later.
“What should I say, Maestro?” Valentine asked.
“Speak from your gut, speak from a place of truth,” the Maestro replied.
Gathering himself, Valentine recalled the feeling of gratitude he had just experienced. And from instinct, he let it build until every his every fiber resonated with gladness. Then miraculously, without his needing to control, Valentine opened his mouth and said in a tone so genuine and warm that he surprised himself.
“Maestros, Marcos di Assisi de Anza and Vera of the V4 line, would you take me to be your student and teach me what you know?” Valentine asked.
The Maestro smiled. He looked to Vera.
“I’ll teach you to the best of my abilities,” she said, her head held up gentle and proud, as more light seemingly consumed her in a breathtaking halo.
“Good,” the Maestro said. “I’ll do the same. From this day, you’re my student until we renounce the contract.” He looked outside. The fog had long since been burned away, and the Golden Gate bridge in all its scarlet glory spanned overhead from the San Francisco Peninsula toward the Marin headlands.
“Good, good,” the old man said, again to himself. He started for the stairs, then turned.
“Well? What are you waiting for? Go on!”
Then, step by step, clacking with the cane, he went up the stairs. Valentine felt he ought to have helped him up the stairs. But his teacher, Vera, stood still, so he did too. And when the Maestro had gone out of sight and the sound of his footsteps had retreated mutely into his study and bedroom, Vera turned to Valentine.
“OK. I’ll show you the proper technique for holding the instrument. Follow me,” she said as she brought the violin to her shoulder. And Valentine followed.
 
Every morning Valentine met Vera downstairs in the living room and learned how to play the violin. She was a delicate, attentive, and strict teacher. Neither needed to eat, nor sleep. So, they worked from Sun-up to Sun-down, and at precisely 5PM, after twelve hours of continuous practice with very few breaks, Vera retired upstairs. Her old room, the spartan one on the top floor, was given to Valentine.
When she left, he missed her. At first, Valentine didn’t know what to do with himself. So he continued to practice. From 5pm to midnight, Valentine repeated their lesson from the day. Although he had lost the prior knowledge of playing the instrument, his faculties were fully intact. Within two weeks, what had started as scratchy, grating sawing of the instrument became melodious, on par with a violin player with a decade of experience. But that was merely the tone. At the start of the third week, when Vera deemed Valentine had mastered the physical fundamentals, she introduced their first piece of music: Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star.
Progressively, she added more complex pieces, building up to the Maestro’s favorite, Partita for Violin in D Minor.
Valentine waited for Vera in the morning, five minutes before 5 O’ Clock. It was the end of Fall and beginning of Winter, and the sun rose early. Looking up, seeing the great fire ball dimmed pleasantly by the atmosphere and tucked between folds of clouds, he could not shake the feeling that he was being looked at, and perhaps judged. Seagulls cawed and flew by, flanked by a formation of geese skimming the water.
Vera came down the steps. Today, she eschewed her usual jeans and colorful top for a flowing black velvet suit over a white blouse. She dyed her platinum hair black, and the light caught her contour and he glowed. Valentine stared.
“What are you looking at?” Vera asked.
“You look very beautiful,” he said.
Vera cast her face down, and Valentine imagined that he had seen her blush. When she raised her head again, her gaze was more severe than ever.
“Let’s see how you’ve been practicing,” she said, and clapped the desired tempo. “Ciaccona! Let’s go, you’re wasting time.” For a moment, Valentine heard the Maestro’s voice come through hers. His heart jolted. He didn’t know why. Perhaps, he thought, I’m intimidated by the Maestro’s shadow. Then he looked at her, seeing how small she was, how easily it would be to overcome her with a hug. He let the urge subside. The vow he had taken returned him—that they were teacher and student; and in the human-realm, such evocative thoughts felt… wrong.
“Well?” she said, still clapping. “Did you forget everything again?”
Valentine stirred out of his daydream and brought the violin to his shoulder. And with a sniff, he launched into the music. From the first stroke, his tone had changed. Three months ago, when he had first arrived, he had bowed those opening notes across two strings with such vapid confidence. Loud, egoic, and empty. Now, a warm, compassionate texture cried out. The music yearned. Valentine the automaton disappeared; in his place, a musician cried his heart out through wooden lungs and vocal chords made of horsehair and cat gut. When he finished, Valentine absent-mindedly set the instrument down by his side. His unfocused, blurred gaze narrowed and sharpened, and as the saturated morning light distilled back into the image of the room, his consciousness returned to this time and place. And Vera stood opposite him.
Valentine, still half-dreaming, admired her feet neatly bound by black ballet shoes. His gaze traced the contour of her legs revealed when wind kissed fabric to her skin. He looked up, at her hips, her waist, her body shapely like a vase, her neck thin and muscular like a swan’s. He smiled wide and dumb until his looked at her face. Her eyes were wet. But, Valentine’s smile disappeared. In place of the pride he had expected, he saw anger. The corners of Vera’s lips turned down and twitched. Her knuckles gripped white into fists.
“Did I do something wrong?” Valentine asked.
With a quick exhale, Vera turned and raced up the stairs, her footsteps ended by the thunderous slamming of a door. The sound echoed throughout the cavernous house. Then silence.
Valentine carefully set the violin down on the couch and followed Vera up the stairs. He stepped lightly, his hands softly touching the handrails, unwilling to disturb the sacred silence. The stairwell darkened after the first landing, out of reach of the refracted sunlight pouring in from the balcony. Valentine reached for the light switch, then withdrew his hand. Somehow he knew… this moment cannot be changed and must not be changed least he disturbs something perfectly sacred. He went up the stairs, passed the second floor, the third, until he came to the hallway on the fourth floor where Vera resided. A strip of soft, ambience light ran down the hallways at ankle height. At the end of the hallway, a painting hung. Valentine’s eyes adjusted. Curiously, he noted, that his night-vision was much slower to activate that before. And a tension around his temples accompanied it. Valentine blinked his night-vision away, preferring to see the world through the visible spectrum, no matter the dark.
The painting was a pastel still-life. A china vase, cream-colored and adorned with blue flowers, held a bouquet of sunflowers. The sunflowers drooped down. Little, yellow petals, wilted at the edges, laid beneath the plant on a scarred, brown table. A window, far and off in the back, shone into the room, but only enough to brighten the windowsill.
Valentine softly approached Vera’s room. The door was painted black. Valentine touched it and charcoal stained his finger. In the corner, near the hinge of the door, so small and so dim as to be almost invisible, someone had stenciled a small, golden flower with eight petals. He knocked.
Inside, there was a shuffling.
Valentine knocked tapped the door again, ever more gently this time.
Vera’s voice replied, muffled by the thick door.
“Go away,” she said.
“Vera, would you open the door,” Valentine asked. He pressed his ear against the door and heard the sound of sniffling.
“Go away,” Vera said again, her voice drained of its usual sharp command.
“I can try again,” Valentine said. “I can try again if you tell me what I did wrong.”
The crying grew louder and a sharp thud—perhaps a book or a shoe—jolted Valentine away from the door. Valentine turned away. But a phrase, not meant for him, buried and leaked through soft fabric as Vera moaned: “Nothing… you did nothing wrong.”
Valentine tuned down his hearing, as one would avert one’s gaze at accidentally seeing something pure and beautiful in the nude. He went down the stairs, projecting his footsteps enough that Vera would hear it, thinking perhaps that Vera would be reassuring knowing he had gone.
When he reached the landing below, Valentine turned and followed the hallways to the Maestro’s study. The door was an ornate oak thing carved with intricate panels. He knocked. There was no answer. He tried again, and when he was met with silence, Valentine’s shoulder dropped and he slinked down the rest of the stairs, back to the living room.
The only sound in the house was the reverberation of the ocean waves. Tired of the moody darkness that clung to him like a cape, Valentine went through the open French widow onto the balcony. The Sun greeted him. High, apex, and upright, its light graced his face. Valentine closed his eyes and savored the warmth. The waves crashed in even rhythms. The occasional cry of the gulls was punctuated by a plop, as a seabird dove into the water for fish. The City, close yet so far, buzzed like a beehive. But its noise was mostly contained in a spherical noise-pollution wrap. Watching this bubble, with its people and machines busy as a shaken snow-globe, Valentine felt an yearning to see what was inside. Then, a metallic clinking distracted his attention from Neo San Francisco.
Below, on the rocky beach, something flat collided into the rotting pier with the motion of the water. Valentine’s eyes widened. His heart nearly stopped. He leapt over the balcony, landing noiseless on the grass below, and sprinted to the water. It was a skiff—at least, it had been. Its top and edges had rusted off and birds had made nests of the seats and long since abandoned them, leaving a mess of pebbles and twigs. But it floated on the water. Without knowing why but pulled by a force as powerful as the ebbing wave, Valentine grabbed the side of the boat. He winced, withdrawing his hand. The jagged edged had cut his palm open. Red, viscous blood leaked out. And Valentine smiled.
My blood is red, my blood is red, he thought, almost delirious with joy. He washed his hand in the ocean, then careful of the saw-like edges, Valentine pulled the boat along the beach until he was out of sight of the house and dragged it onto land. He sighed.
Vera will love this, he thought.
But then, another thought darkened his mood. He had promised the Maestro to never leave the island with Vera.
Valentine stood looking at the rusted hull. Then he dragged the boat up the beach and pushed it under a large hedge of rosebush. The thorns pricked his arm but he didn’t care, so excited was he about his discovery. And, seeing the color of his blood excited him.
Maybe I can be human, he dared at the thought.
Valentine broke off branches from nearby trees and spread them around the boat until it was camouflaged as naturally as could be. Wiping the sweat from his brow, Valentine surveyed his surrounding and peeked over his shoulder; there was no one. Yet, he felt he was being watched. He looked up, and the Sun was full and bright. Without the clouds, it heated the day. Valentine looked at his hand, caked with dried blood. To his surprise, it was also black with charcoal.
 
“You’re hurt,” Vera said. She stood at the base of the stairs, leaning against the wall with her arms folded. Her eyes were still bloodshot and her cheeks were red, accentuating her high cheekbones. The rest of her face was pale. The forlorn look had gone and her usual look of fierce determination returned.
Valentine scrubbed his hands under the running faucet by the kitchen sink. It was afternoon outside and the Sun had softened. The panoramic window that ran around the kitchen softened its tint. The water looked green.
“You won’t believe what I found,” Valentine said excitedly to her. Vera stepped closer. Blood continued to run into the sink, splattering bits of diluted pink around the basin.
“Have you been injured before?” Vera asked. She grabbed a yellow microfiber towel hanging on the oven handle. Valentine thought about her question.
“I’ve felt hurt before,” Valentine said.
Vera smiled. She turned down the water to a trickle and turned her palms up. Valentine mimed her action, turning his palm up as well.
“Look, it’s red,” he smiled proudly like a child showing a bird he had found. Vera dabbed the towel on the cut softly, taking care to not touch him skin to skin.
“Vera—I found something extraordinary,” Valentine, “I have to show you.”
Vera looked at him with an unblinking gaze that seemed to go through him.
“It had better not be a wounded animal,” she said. “I don’t like that.”
“No, it’s a boat—” Valentine said. But Vera cut him off with a sharp squeeze of his hand. Valentine winced. “Why’d you do that for.”
Quickly, Vera shushed him. She returned her focus on his hand. The blood had seeped into the yellow towel, staining it a light orange. She cupped his hand a surge of static passed between them. Valentine looked at her eyes, her nose, her lips. Her collar bones moved softly up and down; yet beads of sweat formed on her forehead. Vera applied pressure on the wound.
“Vera,” Valentine said, “you’re trembling.”
More steadily, she squeezed his hand once. Twice. Thrice. In pulses. Then a long squeeze.
Valentine’s eyes widened in recognition.
She was communicating with him with Morse Code. She had said, “V.” Cupping her hand,Valentine replied the same way, “V.”
Once their protocol had been established, Vera signaled quickly, with mere microseconds between pulses.
.-- .... . .-.. . / -.. .. -.. / -.-- --- ..- / ..-. .. -. -.. / - .... . / -... --- .- -, she signaled. “Where did you find the boat?”
.. - / .-- .- ... .... . -.. / ..- .--. / -... -.-- / - .... . / -... . .- -.-. …., he answered, replying with pulses of his own. “It washed up on the beach.”
“Size?” she signaled.
“Small skiff. Rusted. Floats,” he signaled.
Valentine noticed her breath quicken then slow as she contained her excitement, but the light in her eyes gave her away.
“Tell no one. Especially the Maestro,” she signaled.
“Ok,” Valentine signaled.
Just then, the sound of footsteps echoed down the stairway. Vera abruptly let go of Valentine and pushed him away.
The Maestro came down the stairs, steadying himself on his cane. The two automatons looked at him, stiff as posts. He noticed that Valentine’s hand was bloodied, and Vera’s hands were stained too. Vera brushed the blood away on her hips.
“Afternoon, Maestro,” she said, looked down.
The Maestro looked at the two—Valentine in his pink-stained, sea-sprayed white t-shirt and Vera in velvet, all black.
“You changed your look,” the Maestro said, his voice low and brooding.
Vera took a step back from Valentine and faced the Maestro, her face still cast down like a child being chastised.
“I wanted to try something new. Do you like it?” she said.
“Don’t distract me, girl. I’ve known you too long. What are you hiding?” the Maestro said as he stumbled toward the pair. At that moment, hearing the tone the Maestro had spoken to Vera, Valentine felt his chest tighten and a wave of heat surged through him. He noted this new sensation and the speed with which it passed.
The Maestro walked up to Valentine, who still had his hand out. The blood on the yellow had dried and was caked against his skin.
“What happened,” the Maestro asked.
Valentine opened his mouth to answer but he wasn’t sure what to say. He had promised Vera that he would not reveal the boat to the Maestro. And as he as he attempted to stray away from that fact, a gut-wrenching feeling of dread and nausea overwhelmed him. So powerful it was that he was barely able to stand.
Vera stepped in.
“He cut himself on a piece of metal he found floating in the ocean,” Vera said.
“Let me see,” the Maestro commanded. Valentine lifted the towel and it unstuck from his skin, leaving little yellow fibers around the wound. Even though the cut had been half an inch deep just an hour before, it had already closed. Only a faint line was left where old epidermis peeled away. Even Vera was startled. She hid her face quickly when the Maestro turned to her.
“Are you lying to me?” he asked, his voice serious and meaning business.
Vera blushed. Valentine sensed her rising temperature, and an emerging faculty in him felt a faint beating that quickened. Vera shied away from the Maestro a hair and crossed her feet, her weight transferring to a single leg. The blade of her overlapping foot skimmed the ground lightly.
“No—Maestro,” she said, quivering, “you know I cannot lie.”
“Look at me,” the Maestro ordered and Vera raised her eyes to meet the eyes of her teacher. But she could not bring herself to meet his pupils; so she stared at the bottom of his eyelids, hoping it would be enough.
“You’re not looking at me,” the Maestro said, his voice rising.
“I’m not lying,” Vera said, “you know I can’t. It makes me vomit.”
Then, to his surprise, the words blurted out of him. Valentine said: “She’s right, Maestro. I did cut myself on a piece of rusty metal on the beach. Vera was helping me clean the wound. I—I didn’t know that I would heal so quickly.”
The Maestro turned his raptor-like gaze to Valentine, and slightly tilted his head to take the automaton in. Valentine stood there, unconsciously tucking in his chin.
“I believed that,” the Maestro said. The old man sighed. He turned to Vera, “I believe you too. It’s just that… I’m a bit on edge.”
Vera relaxed.
“Why?” she asked.
The Maestro sucked on a molar and his cheek hollowed in; he shook his head a few times as if to throw off the tension he had gathered about him.
“It wants me to come to the City,” the Maestro said.
“Whom?” Vera asked.
His prolonged stare gave them the answer.
“The Ainos Enigram has summoned you?” Valentine asked with a gasp. “What did It sound like? What did It say to you? Did It mention me?”
The old man chuckled, his cheeks bunching up rosily.
“The ever devoted son, eh?” the Maestro said. Then he joking to himself, he said, “Maybe you should be more prodigal.”
“No, your boss didn’t mention you,” the Maestro continued aloud, “It wants me back in the City. There’s some new, hot-shot young actress who wants to revive The Stone.”
Valentine had interned all of the Maestro’s repertoire, and especially his last and most popular Holopera—The Parable of the Stone. Universally lauded as a masterpiece by critics and audiences alike, it won almost every award worth winning, catapulting the already renowned artist into a mythical tier of his own. The Times had called it “The Maestro’s Magnum Opus, a new cosmology for humanity” Vanity Fair was more dramatic: “Troubled. Messy. Tragic. Equal parts family history and wartime romance. Say what you will, but… it is ultimately beautiful beyond comparison. It puts you back more whole after it breaks you. See The Parable of the Stone.” The Holopera premiered simultaneous across every major city and ran for precisely three hundred and sixty-six days. Then, it vanished, along with the Maestro, who built himself an island and the artist-hermit vanished from the comings and goings of the broader world.
“But that’s from twenty years ago,” Valentine said.
“What do you mean by that!” the old man snapped. Vera held one of his hands and patted his arm, enjoying Valentine’s stammering. The way his eyes widened sharply then settled back, relaxed; the way his throat moved as he swallowed; the small beads of sweat forming around his temple; Vera took in all those details and the corner of her mouth lifted into a small, self-satisfied smile.
The automatons stiffened upright. A low roar, only audible to them, crept through the air until the French Window vibrated—microscopically at first—before shaking violently. Vera reassured the Maestro with a light touch then went to the window. Valentine followed. Far in the distance, something came, kicking up wings of waters in its wake. The air-yacht glimmered like a golden beetle. The noise made by its six LEO-engines, normally dispelled by a noise shield in the City, rattled the island. The French Window shook so violently the screws came loose from its hinge. Vera snatched her hand to grip the frame of the window, stopping its shaking.
“Vera…” Valentine said to her. The wood cracked where she had gripped it. But she didn’t let go.
The air-yacht extinguished its engines and the bulbous craft glided out of the air, sliding into the water, bobbing buoyantly and displacing volumes of waves. Then, noiselessly, and with the gentle serenity like a whale, it skimmed the last thousand meters toward the pier as it dropped anchor. Water swallowed the old wooden walkway and flooded the beach. The yacht’s enormous head, large as a stadium, eclipsed their island. Valentine narrowed his eyes at the silver and golden glitter as sunlight glinted off the ship’s textured paint. Everything about the craft evoked gaudy majesty—yet beneath the loudism, Valentine sensed engineered gravitas. It was made to catch the eye, to overwhelm vision and taste, so much so that in its wake one was left awed by a sense of grand possibility.
“Well. My chariot has arrived,” the Maestro said, pushing past Valentine with Vera on his arm. She walked the old man to the pier where a gangway lowered. Warm lamps illuminated a red-carpeted corridor like an esophagus that winded into the belly of the beast. A stewardess, a real woman, dressed in starched red uniform with a black satin scarf around her neck and a white silk sash around her waist, welcomed the Maestro with a trillion-dollar smile. Her lips, painted red and outlined in gold, showed her porcelain teeth, which were beautiful.
“See you in three days?” Vera said.
The Maestro nodded, leaving her with a pat on the hand. As the gangway ascended with the old man and the mouth of the yacht closed, he turned to Vera.
“Cover your ears. Oh, and fix the windows,” he said with a wink.
The portal sealed with a hermetic hiss and as smoothly as it came, the air-yacht tugged out to the bay. And when it had enough clearance to launch, its turbines turned like fins and blasted the craft over the water—then steeply up into the sky. Vera covered her ears; Valentine followed suit; the blast of the engines sent violent shockwaves through the island. Untempered windows shattered into smithereens. Valentine watched as the giant whale disappear beyond the clouds and when its shockwave struck the noise wrap around the City, the vibrations were absorbed as prismatic ripples. Then all quieted.
Vera stood on the dock, wet up to her waist. Valentine made his way to her. And for a while they stood there, unspoken, looking at the hole that the ship made in the clouds. Then that closed up. The artificial tide ebbed out. And the water—especially the water—left no marks. Valentine looked back at the house. In the afternoon sun, all the pieces of glass sparkled like diamonds. There it was, at least for three little days, their own numinous kingdom.
 
At the first sign of alarm, a cavalcade of automatons marched out of the bot house behind the mansion. They came in various sizes and shapes, some tall, some squat, some round, some trapezoidal, all with forms fitting their function, beeping and bopping on legs or wheels, armed with purpose. First came the overseers, small rotund orbs embedded with camera-eyes all around. Four of them floated above the house in a slow dance. They used their macro and microscopic vision to spot all of the broken glass. Collating their insights into a shared representation, the overseers formulated a plan and passed that to the doers. The cleaners, scrappers, and vacuumers—round, triangular, squared—went to work with their specialized appendages. Valentine watched them. Even in the banal plans of these nonsentient machines, he sensed the guiding hand of the Ainos Enigram. Valentine looked to his own hand, so finely shaped compared to the hoses and rakes of his brethren.
Brethren? Valentine thought.
Two bots, shaped like articulate coat racks, carried a pane of glass across the front of the house. As they passed Valentine, he caught his own reflection in the glass. He looked human. More than human. He was result of human aspirations: Art; an artificial Adonis, forever young, gifted by the unborn vastness of the Ainos Enigram with a singular mind. Still, Valentine felt closer to the machines than to Man. The simplicity of the automatons was easy to understand. Puerile even. But the duplicity of man was a tangled mess. He looked at the skin of his hand, the fine hairs on his wrist, and the veins running up his arm. Here his vision stopped. His attention continued to travel, embodied by a tingling buzz that passed through his neck and face until it reached a point no larger than a nickel at the top of his head.
He closed his eyes. And in the static snow of a permeable darkness, he saw his own face staring back.
Is this what I am? He wondered. A patch of skin stretched over a hollow body like a drum? My heart beats. My flesh feels. I cannot escape the thought that I am alive. Valentine opened his eyes and saw Vera. She was in her element as the mistress of the house. Standing before the open French Window, she conducted the automatons with loose, musical wave of her hands. Through the glassless windows, Valentine saw into the house. Rafters and beams. Pillars and walls. Taken apart, the house was merely material. Yet, put together—from vision toward a purpose—it became more. Valentine watched as a glazier-bot slipped the last pane of glass into the French Window. Vera turned to him, blushing with pride. She smiled. And again the house transformed. It became a home.
“What?” she said, her cheeks rosy and rising.
“I’ve never seen you so happy,” Valentine said. He walked up the stairway toward her and stopped two steps from the top, where she stood, because the angle of her chin caught a glow. Golden hour arrived. Orange and pinks colored the clouds to their right. Vera tucked her chin and averted her gaze from Valentine. She shifted her weight, crossing her legs and balanced on one foot. The top of her right shoe had been worn through, and from beneath the frayed satin fabric, a red toe nail peeked out. Even though the paint was chipped away at the edge, its luster captured the whole inferno of the now.
“Happy?” she said, darting an eye at Valentine, who stood on the steps with one hand on the railing and the other hanging empty against his side. “I suppose I am happy,” she said.
She turned to the house. The once transparent glass above the French Window had been replaced by stained glass. Assembled by the deft glazier-bot, the pieces fitted into a mosaic. The oblique sunlight shone through and projected an image that crawled with the moving sunlight onto a pillar in the house. Framed by Vera and the open door, he saw the image was Venus rising from the sea.
The glazier-bot passed them on the steps.
“Thank you,” Vera said to the glazier-bot as it passed them on the steps. She gave thanks with a light touch on its shoulder. The automaton tooted gratitude in return and rejoined the procession of robots. As buoyantly as they had came, they returned to the bot house, riding on a warm wave of sunlight. Vera looked to the horizon, counting the seconds as the last rays held. The warm colors diminished. And as with the closing of a book, the collapse came sudden and final. Pastel mauve gave way to light purple to blue then finally to a deeper blue, challenging the color of the sea itself.
A cold wind blew by and Vera shuddered.
“Shall we go in?” she asked. She turned to the house and let her hand slip to her side. Valentine took it and they crossed through the threshold of the door.
 
In the evening, the sea is a black power. It is dark, deep, a roaring maelstrom of shadows. Waves crashed against the seawall spraying foam too dark to see. Slowly, Valentine had lost his night-sight. But he had gained colors more beautiful. Especially when he looked at Vera, who seemed to glow. Her outline emerged as if from a halo.
By the kitchen, there was a rectangular dining table made of heavy teak. They sat next to one another at the corner of the table nearest the window, still holding hands. Valentine sipped in the crisp evening air and set their hands down on top of the table. He looked at her palm and its lines. Her turned her palm facing up and admired the faintest blue line that ran up her wrist. Vera adjusted herself in her chair. Valentine felt the slightest moisture in her palm.
“What do you want to do?” Valentine asked her.
With her free hand, Vera tucked her slick black hair behind her ear.
“What would you like to do?” she asked him.
There was a moment of silence as the water answered for them outside, singing a swash swash lullaby.
“I could show you the boat,” Valentine said.
Vera’s hand tightened. Then relaxed.
“Maybe tomorrow,” she said. “It’s too dark out.” She looked away from Valentine out the window. He admired line of her neck accentuated by the pleasantly dark backdrop outside.
“Is there anything you’ve always wanted to do?” he asked.
She turned her head sharply to look at him.
“I mean—” Valentine said, nerve-struck, “when the Maestro’s not here.”
“The Maestro has never not been here…” Vera said. Even though she was quite cold in her shoulderless cotton-top, she did not want to withdraw her hand.
“Should I get you a blanket?” Valentine asked, noticing her shivering.
“No,” Vera said quickly, “Let’s stay like this. I can’t catch a cold, remember?”
And they stayed, still as stone, sitting there in those chairs, feeling as somehow they’ve found the center of the world. Anywhere else was a direction, outward, spokes connected to this axis of stability. The night darkened further more. A fog horn sounded. It was answered by another, as two nautical beasts passed one another in the invisible waters. Far away, glowing like a crystal ball, the City twisted and turned with its glowing spires and fireworks. The noise bubble rippled with pink waves as it absorbed the City’s excess acoustic and ballistic force.
“You never answered my question,” Valentine said. They had been beholding each other since the moonrise. Now, the ivory celestial body crossed window. And as it did, Vera seemed to change, moment to moment. He tried to take in her every cell. But it wasn’t her matter that caught him as much as how she caught the light.
“What question,” Vera said, her words soft and svelte as speaking in a dream.
“What have you always wanted to do if the Maestro left the house” Valentine said with a smile.
Vera answered with a small shy smile of her own. She withdrew her hand. Although Valentine felt a tug within like a magnet that wanted to fill in the empty space left by the field, he stayed his hand. Vera rapped her fingers on the table. Her brow furrowed. Uneasily, she shifted in her seat. Beads of sweat collected around the roots of her hair.
Valentine waited.
Finally, she glanced at him with a worried look and he reassured her with a nod. She got out of her chair, and silently with open hands, told him to stay. She darted up the stairs and Valentine heard hurried stomps as she ascended the floor followed the screeching of an opening door and a quick slam. The muffled noise of rummaging followed. Valentine looked out the window. The moon moved toward its zenith, curving up so small and high that it threatened to fling away from Earth’s gravity. The door slammed again and rapid footsteps descended the stairs, until Vera emerged again. In one arm, she held colorful costumes resplendent with pleats and plumage. In the other, she held one made of drab green linoleum.
“What is that?” he asked.
Vera’s licked her lips and dipped her head to look at him with mischief gleaming out of her eyes.
“Have you ever been in a play?” she asked.
Valentine shook his head. He was excited, and a bit startled by this other side of Vera.
“Of course not,” she said and crossed over to him excitedly in long strides. She held out the drab green costume.
“This is yours,” she said.
“What is it?” Valentine asked. He held up the costume and it unrolled with the distinct tacky sound. It was a leotard with a hood. He turned it around. The outside was meticulously colored with oil paint in different blotches of green. He flicked the costume as one does with laundry and the hood slumped over. Two bulbous eyes made from incandescent light bulbs ogled back at him.
“I’m a frog?” he said.
“Yes!” Vera beamed with pride. “But it’s not The Princess and the Frog. I called it—Mr. Frog in His Well.”
Valentine sucked on a molar, a habit he had picked up from the Maestro whenever the old man wanted to maintain his serious airs but reluctantly—and secretly—wanted to entertain Vera’s idea.
“What should I do? Is there a script,” Valentine asked standing up. He kicked off his loafers and started to slip into leotard, but his pants bunched up in the legging. So he pulled the skintight uniform off and undid his pants. Vera looked away and mumbled something.
“Sorry—what did you say?” Valentine asked, now stripped to his boxers. Vera peeked at him out of the corner of his eye. Vera looked at the striations on his legs, the wings of his back, his arms. She coughed.
“I said—” Vera answered. Valentine swayed on one leg like a tipsy flamingo. Vera snapped at him.
“Faster! Get dressed,” Vera said. She swung around behind the pillar and threw off her black skirt and blouse. “C’mon!”
Valentine was not used to this sudden switch in urgency. One moment Vera was reserved and quiet and now she was bursting with an almost volcanic glee.
“What’s the hurry?” Valentine asked, but he was overridden.
“C’mon put your pants on. And stop being so dour! Let’s have some energy,” she said, poking her head out from behind the pillar as she stretched her costume over her head. “Let’s play!”
Valentine slipped into the tight pant legs of his frog costume then struggled to get his arms into the top. He realized the costume had been appropriated from an old wet suit. Finally, with a zip, he enclosed the front of the suit. It was hot underneath. Then Vera came out from behind the pillar. She was dressed as a parrot. Her costume was made with thousands of individual silk feathers embroidered with blue and purple silk to mimic the bird’s sheen. She wore a narrow fedora and brown stockings. Valentine saw the shape of her legs and his ears glowed hot red.
Vera spun around and flaunted her feathers. She stopped in pointe position with her arms raised, then landed on her feet.
“Ready?” Vera said. Valentine looked around. Compared to her vibrancy, the living room seemed too bare. Outside, it was the darkest time of the night. The Moon had settled somewhere unseen.
“What do I do?” he asked.
“Here, your script,” Vera said, leaping forward and handed him a few slips of paper that had been bent, folded, dog-eared, and greased yellow from handling. “Can you memorize it?”
Valentine scanned the pages and without any effort, he had memorized the pages. He nodded.
“Okay, speak it out a few times so the words don’t catch in your mouth,” she said as she headed for the stairs.
“How do I be a frog?” he asked. “And it says there’s a well. I don’t think we have a well on the island—”
“This is the well!” Vera said, impatiently hanging onto the railing of the staircase. “Look!” she said, pointing her head up. Valentine’s gaze followed five flights of stairs to a pyramid glass ceiling that capped the atrium.
“What am I looking at?” Valentine asked, matter of fact.
“The well,” Vera impressed upon him. She tapped a finger to her temple and said, “use your Imagination.”
“Imagination?” Valentine whispered under his breath. But Vera was already running up the stairs.
“I don’t have time to explain, the Maestro could be back any minute,” her voice raced down from the second floor, “just follow the script! Say your lines when you’re supposed to and don’t think!”
Valentine turned and looked at himself in the kitchen mirror. There he was. His hair had grown to his shoulder. The tips were still silver. He looked more gaunt than when he had first came to the island. Five… six months ago? He wore a wetsuit painstakingly covered with green and brown acrylic paint and a hood dangled behind his neck. He put the hood on, hiding his face in its recess. The costume’s bulbous eyes wobbled in the mirror. He didn’t look much like a frog. Frogs don’t stand on two feet. So he popped into a squat.
“Ribbit,” he said, and surprising himself.
Then Vera’s voice, in a soprano, chirped from the third floor.
“Hello! Is there anyone down there?” Vera said.
Valentine followed the script and hopped on all fours to the bottom of the stairs and looked up at the glass ceiling, seeing the stars.
“I am here. It is I, Mr. Frog,” he said.
“Oh Mr. Frog, how glad am I to hear your voice, as hoarse as it is,” Vera’s lilting voice came down. “I’ve been flying all day and needed a place to rest.”
“Where did you come from?” Valentine said, in a rougher, coarser voice. Again, this instinct to complement Vera’s script surprised him.
“I flew from the East, toward the West where it is warmer,” Vera said.
“East? West?” Valentine replied, sounding bewildered and confused.
“Yes, where the Sun rise to where it sets,” Vera said as the bird.
Valentine flicked his ear with the palm of his foot.
“Well why didn’t you just say that. Trouble me with weird things called East and West,” Valentine said, “Ribbit.”
“Oh you should have seen how beautiful the sky was today,” Vera said, her voice rising.
“I’ve seen it. I see it all day. It never changes. It’s the same,” Valentine said with a tinge of annoyance.
“You should see the trees, Mr. Frog! They’ve changed from green to yellow,” Vera said.
“Trees? Green? Yellow?” Valentine said. “What are those?”
“Trees! Have you never seen a tree?” Vera said. “Yellow is the color of the sun. And green is the color of you.”
Valentine looked down at his arm. It did look greener than before. But the script called him to be annoyed, so he followed suit.
“Go away!” he said. “There is no such thing as a tree. Or yellow. Or green. There are only two colors, whatever is here and whatever is up there.”
“Mr. Frog, you’ve been in your well of too long. Won’t you come up—” Vera pleaded.
“Go away!” Valentine said and kicked the staircase. The sound of fluttering footsteps rang out. Then for a while, there was silence, occasionally punctuated by the muted sound of changing clothes.
Then Vera’s voice came down again, a tenor this time.
“Hello?” she said.
“Who is it?” Valentine said. “Ribbit.”
“Hello! I am a goose. Who are you?”
“I—I am Mr. Frog.”
“Mr. Frog, I’ve been flying all week and I’m tired. Can I rest here a while?”
“Go ahead,” the frog said. Curious, he asked, “where have you come from?”
The Goose answered bluntly: “I come from the North. I am headed South, where it is warm.”
“North? South?” the Frog said. “Have you been East and West?”
“Of course,” the Goose replied.
“Have you seen trees? See them turn green to yellow?” the Frog asked.
“Of course,” the Goose answered.
“What else have you seen?” the Frog asked.
“Why—so many things,” the Goose answered. “I’ve flown across much of the sky.”
“But it’s so small,” the Frog asked, pointing his tongue up.
“What do you mean?” the Goose said. “Are you saying the sky is small?”
“It’s the size of my palm,” the Frog said, and he covered up the portion of the sky that he could see and blocked it out. The Goose laughed and flew away. The Frog remained in the dark. He wished the Goose had stayed.
Then came a beautiful, clear voice from above.
“Hello?” it said, so sonorous.
“Hello!” the Frog said eagerly.
“Who are you?” the voice asked, the sound of the clearest water.
“Wait! Don’t go! I’m a frog. Mr. Frog,” the frog said, and hopped to the side of the well so he could hear better.
“Hello Mr. Frog!” the voice said, “I’m a Swan.”
The frog looked up. It was nearing dawn and the sky turned from its deep dark to a sparkling grey. Something floated down into the well. The frog caught it in his hand and felt something so soft that it made his heart swell. It was a downy feather.
“Hello Swan!” the Frog said, “Where—where have you come from? And where are you going?”
A curved silhouette appear above as the Swan dipped its head into the mouth of the well.
“I’ve come from across the Ocean. But I’m not going anywhere. This is home,” the Swan said.
“Ocean? Is that related to the Sky?” the Frog asked.
The Swan laughed, but its laughter wasn’t mocking like the Goose. The Swan was amused.
“The Ocean is large but the Sky is infinite,” the Swan said.
“Infinite!” the Frog croaked, “but it’s just the size of the palm of my hand!”
“That’s because you’ve been all your life in this well, Mr. Frog,” the Swan said. “Why don’t you come up and see for yourself?”
The Frog felt a chill.
“Come up? Why… I’ve never thought I could go up. This is all I’ve known… No, I think I’ll stay here,” he said.
“It’s alright, Mr. Frog,” the Swan said. “It’s safe up here. And I’d like to meet you.”
Hearing the voice like crystal water wanting to meet him, the Frog felt a surge of boldness. He had been in the well for as long as he’d known. How had he even arrived in the well, he had forgotten. There had never been anyone to talk to in the well, only shadows during the day and the sound of ripples at night.
“It’s safe, up there?” the Frog asked.
“Yes. I’ll protect you. Come, the Sun is just coming up,” the Swan said.
“And you’ll show me the Sky?” the Frog asked.
“Yes. You can’t miss it,” the Swan said.
The Frog huffed up his chest and croaked. And he hopped up the side of the well, catching his fingers and toes in the crevices. As he ascended the well, he looked down at the bottom of the well, and it became smaller and smaller. How strange, the Frog thought, had the pool of water always been as small as my hand?
Nearing the top, the Frog could make out the silhouette of the Swan. She had a long neck with a red scarf. Long eyelashes and a beautiful, soft smile.
“You can do it!” the Swan encouraged, and with a final bound the Frog leapt out of the well.
Vera grabbed Valentine’s hand.
He could barely make her out in the dark.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi,” he replied.
“Come,” she whispered.
Vera lead Valentine through to the top of the stairs to a trapdoor.
She turned to him, still holding his hand.
“Ready?” she pulsed.
He nodded.
She popped the trap door. A blast of wind rushed in. Vera went through first.
Valentine wiped the sweat off his hands and followed. He climbed a narrow ladder, shoulders pinched together, inching upward into the light, fighting the wind.
Then he was out.
And it was gentle and quiet.
Sunrise poured over everything.
Vera stood on the edge of the roof,  sheer white tutu shimmering, crystal tiara catching fire.
“The Sky, Mr. Frog,” she said, smiling, unfolding her arms to the expanse.
Valentine looked out. Wave after wave of white clouds washed over a baby blue sky. The red-rose sun climbed, and its rays bloomed the sky into a dream of orange.
His mouth fell open. He looked at her—at the sky—at her—then to the horizon where the day was being born, sweet second by second, tender moment by moment.
“What do you think?” she asked.
“I think…” his voice cracked. “I think it’s beautiful.”
Tears came to his eyes. Valentine didn’t remember having ever cried.
It was very nice for a first time.
 
They passed the day holding hands, walking on the beach around the island. At night, they sat on the couch in the living room, turning it to face the French window so they could watch the swashing sea. Vera hummed to the tune of the roiling waves. In the morning, they resumed their walking. It was a Sunday.
They came to the bush where Valentine had hidden the rusted skiff.
“I want to show you something,” he said.
Valentine pushed the brush aside. It was still there. Gripping the edge of the skiff carefully this time, he dragged it out from the underbrush onto the beach. It slid on pebbles and made not unpleasant scratching sounds. When it laid fully bare, its pastel red dotted with yellows and greys where the rust had eaten through the metal and the paint.
“It’s not much—” Valentine said.
Vera shushed him.
She stood there in the dazzling mid-morning, eyes unblinking, deep in wonder at this object. Valentine folded his hands into his back pocket and rocked on his feet, swaying from side to side.
“Do you think it would hold us?” she asked, still staring at it.
Valentine scratched his head.
“I’ve never thought about that,” he said.
Vera turned to him.
“Can you swim, Valentine?” she asked.
“I’ve never thought about that either,” he replied. A sadness seemed to come over Vera as her eyes drifted back to the raft. “Can you?” he asked very soft.
Vera shook her head.
“You’ve tried?” he asked.
She nodded.
“Do you not know how?” he asked again.
She shook her head.
“Too heavy,” she said.
A wave washed up to their feet, leaving gifts of white foam. He wiggled his toes, feeling bits of sand. Vera stayed still, her ballet shoes wetted by the water. The wave receded. Wet, pliant sand sagged beneath their feet as the beach washed out with the wave.
“Hide it,” Vera said.
Valentine looked at her perplexed.
“Hide it? I thought you wanted to leave the island,” Valentine said.
“I did. I do… but I promised the Maestro that I wouldn’t,” Vera said.
“I could sand it down and patch the holes. It would still float,” Valentine said as a wave came in and tugged the boat seaward.
“Why are you doing this, I said hide it!” Vera snapped. She lunged and pushed the boat with both arms. It was much heavier than Valentine had made it seem. The raft barely budged.
Then it came. A low, rumbling roar from across the sea. The surface of the water bulged as something large traveled beneath.
“It’s the Maestro,” Vera gasped.
A golden palace broke out of the skin of the water, pushing a tsunami their way. Vera turned to Valentine.
“Hide the boat!” she said.
With one hand, Valentine gripped the side of the boat, wrending the metal into a handle for his fist, dragging it toward the bush. The keel of the boat dug an ugly scar across the rocky beach. Vera raced to smooth it out, getting on all fours to spread out the sand and the rocks desperately. But the tsunami came to her aide, washing everything out. And when the water consumed the beach and crashed against the seawall of the house then receded, the force knocked her off her feet and dragged her out. Valentine grabbed her, anchoring himself by the root of the bush. Their clothes were entirely wet. And their skin close. Their breath closer. Vera looked up met his eyes, and leaned into him, felt his warmth through their damp shirts. The sound of cracking wood drew their attention toward the pier. The force of the water overcame the rotting structure and the pier finally collapsed, reduced to planks of fibrous oak and jagged flotsam.
The Golden Palace revealed itself. Gargantuan. Oblique. Topped with a rotunda carved with seashells, the structure would have looked improbable on land. But rising out of the water, it challenged the notion of the impossible. At the base of the rotunda, eight spouts disguised as overflowing jugs, emptied water from the vessel’s ballast tanks. As the vessel’s reservoir emptied, it rose higher, jutting gigantic pillars skyward. Although the entire structure had the quality of sandstone, it was made from some unfathomable material that caught and bent the light so a halo formed around the entirety of the palace, light darkening in its umbra shadow. Seeing the shell-like rotunda, Valentine had been reminded of the mosaic Vera installed at the house: of the birth of Venus and her momentous coming out of the sea, nude and gifted, carried by foam. But there was no intention of a miracle here. They were shocked. They were awed. They were stomped, crushed, and owned beneath the weight of its shadow.
Vera gasped and pointed.
“It’s me,” she said.
Coming out of the water, eight figures leaned against their pillars, heads bowed as the jugs poured water over them. Each wore a different face, some laughing crazily, some screaming in anguish, or agony. Under the pillar marked “IV,” the unmistakable figure of Vera prayed. She wore a smile on her face. A dagger stuck out of her back.
Vera shivered. Her lips turned purple. Valentine so wanted to kiss her, vanquish the cold and scare away the fear. He wanted to give her all of his heat and reassure that she will be well. But he also couldn’t lie. Just then, the dome of the rotunda opened in a fan of light. A small globe rose and floated down, settling on the beach near the collapsed pier. An old man stumbled out and collapsed to his knees.
“Maestro!” Vera shouted. She broke away from Valentine and sprinted toward her teacher and caretaker. Valentine followed her.
The Maestro heaved, and heaved, until he vomited on the beach. The globe spun up and zoomed back to where it had came.
Vera dropped down by the old man and rubbed his back.
“What did you do to him!” she shouted at the darkened halo that eclipsed the Sun, gritting so hard that her canine tooth cracked. The palatial giant responded with a rumbling like mocking laughter, then with unnatural speed, receded back into the depth leaving behind a churning vortex. The sunlight returned, but too bright, too serious, revealing, and vulgar in the aftermath. Valentine reached down to soothe Vera but she thrusted her shoulder away from his touch and hissed. Valentine felt a great pang in his heart from her rejection.
“Maestro! Are you alright, Maestro!” Vera said to the old man. He held out a hand to assure her, wiping away his spittle. Gelatinous chunks clung to his forearm.
“I’m alright,” he said, only to be attacked by another coughing fit. He lurched to his hands, heaving, his body attempting to purge but nothing more could come out.
“Valentine, help!” Vera shouted. “Call the doctor.”
Valentine got beside them.
“Call the doctor!” she said.
Valentine closed his eyes and his lids flickered.
“I can’t get through,” he said, his voice a ghostly whisper denying the reality for himself. He closed his eyes again. His eyelids flickered with rapid movement as he reached out toward into Net, toward the familiar, warm amniotic presence of the vastness abstract he knew only by name as the Ainos Enigram.
Nothing.
His shoulders slumped as he sat back on his heels, sagging into the sand.
“Valentine!” Vera shouted at him, but her voice was far and distant. She struck him on his arm. “The doctor!”
Valentine saw the grimace on her face. The anger in her eyes. The spit spraying from her mouth. Even though she was inches away from him, she seemed far away. He could barely hear what she said.
“We’re cut off,” he said.
“What?” Vera asked.
“I’m cut off,” he said.
With a groan, the Maestro lost his grip on consciousness. Vera caught him before his head hit the ground. She cupped him into her arms and struggled up to her feet.
“Useless!” she hissed at Valentine. She whistled and bots stormed out of the bot house. A square-shouldered robot like a fridge with tubular arms sprinted on all fours toward Vera. It skidded to stop. Vera handed the Maestro to the robot.
“The house! The couch! Put him on the couch. Gently!” Vera commanded. The fridge stood upright with the Maestro cupped in its arms and walked like an octopus on land toward the house. Two other bots arrived, much slimmer and humanoid.
“Ol’ Butler, can you get a doctor?” Vera asked, sprinting back toward the house. The two bots ran alongside her.
“I can’t reach the Net,” Butler replied.
“Where’s Doc?” Vera asked, panting.
“He was decommissioned years ago,” Butler said.
“Can you fix him?” she said, sprinting up the stairs. The Fridge had, following its instruction to the letter, gotten to the house as fast as possible, smashing through the entrance. Bits of the newly renovated French Window lay everywhere in the foyer. Vera leapt over the debris toward the couch, where the Maestro lay without a scratch on him. The Fridge stood nearby, still with bits of the smashed entrance on him.
“You! Clean this up!” Vera commanded the Fridge. “And Bella, get hot water. Towels. Whatever medicine you can find scavenge,” she said to the slimmer, more feminine robot.
“Mrs. Vera—” Butler intruded. “Doc’s returned to the source. There’s no way we can fix him. What can I do?”
Vera clenched her fist and screamed until she had squeezed air out of every pore in her lungs. Then she breathed in deeply and steadied herself.
“Get Valentine. Go into the Maestro’s library. And tell him to read all the books on urgent care, as quickly as he can,” Vera said.
Butler looked back toward the beach where the young man was still wallowing in the tide.
“I think Mr. Valentine also cannot be reached right now,” Butler said.
“Then get him!” Vera said. “Slap him! Beat him! Do whatever you have to to snap him out of it. Now is not the time to feel sorry for himself that selfish bastard! Go!”
Butler nodded and sped off to the beach to rouse Valentine. Meanwhile, Bella returned with an arm full of towels and a large thermos of hot water and a jug of cold water.
Vera put the back of her hand on the Maestro’s head. It was burning hot to the touch. She snapped her fingers and Bella understood, dipping a towel in cold water then handed it to her. Vera folded it into a square and put it on the old man’s head. He let out a quiet sigh.
“Thermometer, we need a thermometer,” Vera said aloud. Bella handed it to her.
“Thank God for someone useful,” Vera said. The Maestro’s temperature read 42 degrees Celsius. Vera tried to recall the lethal threshold. She half-remembered it was near 44.
The meter climbed. 42.2.
Butler returned with a dazed Valentine in tow.
Vera spun around.
“What is wrong with you!” she screamed.
He recoiled like a child.
“We need you. I need you!” she said, on the verge of tears.
Valentine couldn’t look at her. He fixed his gaze on the ground.
“43 degrees, Mrs. Vera,” Bella said.
The number on the thermometer kept climbing.
“What do we do now?” Bella asked.
“I don’t know,” Vera said, defeat nearly in her voice. A gust of wind rushed in through the smashed entrance, and she shuddered. Then, an idea came her, an obvious idea.
“Cool him down,” she said, quietly at first. Then louder. “Cool him down. Do everything we can. Bella strip off his clothes. No. No. Wet them! Butler, open all the windows, we need the wind. Fridge, Fridge!”
The big robot strode over, his claw-like feet cracking the ceramic tile with every step. He awaited silently for his instruction.
“Tub. Upstairs. Bring it down. Rip the water line. Flood the house. Fast as you can. Go,” Vera asked, her voice steeled and steady.
Without losing a moment, the large robot made for the staircase. Skipping the stairs themselves, he clamped onto the weight bearing pillar and climbed up with frightening speed. The second floor landing collapsed as he bore a hole through it. The third floor. The sound of cracking wood. Then a deafening crunch followed as porcelain cracked, steel was torn apart, and the sound like popping fireworks the watermain was ripped out of the wall.
A waterfall spewed from the stairs crashing into the living room, flooding the first floor. The force of the water knocked Vera off her feet and washed out Bella holding the Maestro.
Valentine caught them.
Like a bomb, Fridge landed on the first floor with the bathtub heaved on his shoulder, making a small crater. Valentine turned his back to shield them as shrapnel cut him up.
When the dust settled, Valentine opened his arms and met Vera’s gaze. Her eyes flashed from desire into a glare as she pushed him away.
“Fridge, fill up the tub. Bella, put the Maestro in, gently now,” Vera said, her voice very tired.
Bella and Butler carried the naked Maestro to the tub and put him in the water. Vera held the back of his head as she mopped his forehead with a hand towel.
“God, please, let him live,” Vera said. “I’ll do anything.” Her prayer surprised herself.
They waited in the flooded house as the Sun started to set. Breeze came out of the ocean and filled the house, gathering into a whirlwind. They dared not speak, so there was only the crash of water and banging of opened windows and doors. Vera turned blue from the cold. Butler offered her a blanket but she refused. Bella took his temperature again.
“How is he?” Vera said, her voice small and hoarse.
“46,” Bella said.
Vera cupped her teacher, her mentor, the man who took her in and made her human in her hands and put her forehead to his. It was fiery hot.
Vera kissed the old man on the forehead.
“C’mon, Dad,” Vera said, “Come back to me. I love you.”
A large wind blew through the house, ripping the windows and doors off their hinges, and went out through the backdoor. The whirlwind became a continuously, steady flow.
“Wait,” Bella said. “It’s dropping. 42… 40… 39…”
Vera leaned back. The Maestro’s eyes began to move beneath his eyelids.
“38… 37… ” Bella kept count. “He’s stabilizing,” she said.
Then, the Maestro opened his eyes.
He looked up and saw Vera.
He looked around. Bella knelt near the end of the overflowing tub. Butler stood behind her with a hand on her shoulder. Fridge overshadowed them out. And in a corner by himself was Valentine. The Sunset streamed inward and projected what was left of the mosaic on the wall, and a golden rose glow caught Vera’s face.
The staircase groaned under the weight of the flooding waterfall. Then a section collapsed.
The Maestro looked at them as consciousness returned to him.
“What the hell have you done to my house?” he said.
 
The Maestro’s habits changed after he recovered. He spent most of his day in his study, with the door bolted. They could not find him at night.
Vera once again oversaw the reconstruction of the house, but the tasked was weighing on her. Cut off from the Net and its supply line, they could only use what material was available to them. Without access to glass or a refinery to create it, Vera had the bots cut down the remaining trees on the island for lumber. They boarded up the house. The pipes were fixed by using some leftover material from a previous renovation. Vera looked over piles of pipe and tubings with Butler but found they had rusted.
“Pinch off the pipes,” Vera said.
“But what about showers on the upper floors?” Butler said.
“We don’t need so many showers,” Vera said, her voice weighed down by a loss of dignity. She picked her head back up, “Redirect what’s left to the Maestro’s study.”
“What about you and Valentine?” Butler asked.
“I’ll get used to bathing in the ocean,” Vera said. She looked out to the beach where Valentine walked slowly with his head bowed, occasionally looking up at the sky, waiting. “Valentine can take care of himself.”
A week passed. All the warmth and cheer had gone out of the hearth. The first floor was perpetually cold and dark. The walls stood gutted but functional. The staircase was left chipped and abandoned like a limb stripped to the bone. And although rubble had been cleaned away and the floor aired dry, the dank smell of mildew grew from the lack of sunlight until it was overwhelming. Vera kept to herself on the third floor. Most nights she cried. She could not understand her innermost anger. She felt she had failed the Maestro—that the house was her domain and as it fell, she fell. But more so, deeper still, she missed the quiet dignity of the place that housed a beautiful spirit of theirs songs and their soul. That spirit was animated by warmth, laughter, a pleading urgency to grow as grass toward sunlight. Now she felt that spirit had gone. The struggle had been fought and she had lost. What remained was the corrupting imagery of debris and the nauseating smell of mold. For days, Vera tried to fight back, with a stiff bristled broom and a wet brush, scrubbing away those tiny black dots. They returned within a day and amassed in numbers. When she ripped apart the boards covering the doors and windows, the Maestro would scream in fright at night. She nailed them back in.
At night, she saw him. Valentine wandered the ground like a hungry ghost, not knowing how to eat or where to go. He grew gaunt. His once pristine skin became parched and peeled like old paper. Great red patches covered his body and purple bruises colored his joints. That was another loss. The man she had almost loved, who was so close winning her heart and complementing her soul, had in an instant vanished, leaving this stranded shell. And she had failed him too as a teacher. She cried some more until she was out of tears and her eyes strained to red.
Unable to be sustained by the meager sunlight of an overcast winter, the bots returned to the bot-house to hibernate. Bella, Fridge, and Butler offered to stay.
“What use do I have with statues?” Vera said.
 
“Maestro, are you in there?” Vera asked, pressing her face against the old man’s door.
“Go away,” he said.
“Please don’t turn me away,” Vera said, very softly.
Soft sounds of shuffling papers and slow footsteps reverberated from beyond the door, followed by a fit of coughs.
Vera placed the old man’s meal, a tepid square of compact nutrient on a plate, on the floor. Yesterday’s was still uneaten.
Vera knocked again.
“Maestro, it’s me, Vera,” she said.
“I said—Go!—Away!” came the angry reply from beyond the door.
Vera clutched her elbows and stepped back from the door. But she didn’t leave. An hour passed. Two. She heard the scraping sound of an armchair being dragged along the study’s waxed wooden floor. She waited for the Maestro to come for his meal. She had to see him. But then it was night and throughout the house it was dark. From the slit beneath the door, silver moonlight filtered through, touching Vera’s toes. Her head bobbed as  weariness settled over her, bone deep. A bang snapped Vera awake. Someone had come in downstairs. It must be Valentine, she thought. Damn him.
Vera got up and started down the stairs. Her night sight had gone long ago, and she could not see past the black mask of the night. She could only make out a few flights of stairs leading to a void. Vera slowed on the steps as doubt crept it. Was it really Valentine? Then she heard from above, the warm sound of the Maestro, finally emerging from his room. But his voice was grave.
“Vera, don’t go downstairs! That’s not Valentine! Come up,” said the voice of the Maestro.
Vera shivered and stopped. Turning, she wanted to sprint up the stairs toward the familiar warmth of the Maestro. Looking up, where she had came was equally as frightening and dark. Just then, another voice came from below.
“Vera! That’s not the Maestro! Come downstairs,” the voice said. It sounded like Valentine—the brilliant one she used to know.
“Vera! Come up!” said the voice of the Maestro.
“Vera! Come down!” said the voice of Valentine.
Then came the sound of steps—stiff, impersonal, inhuman steps from above and from below, and Vera felt the presence of the thing that was eating the house come toward her from both sides, and she cowered down, hugging her knees to herself as thin, grey fingers furled around the top and the bottom of the railing.
Vera screamed.
 
“Vera! Vera! Wake up,” the Maestro said.
Vera was shaking in the old man’s arms. The door to the study was open. She kicked the floor like a new-born fawn struggling for flight from the grave danger of existing in an exposed world.
“Maestro, I had a dream!” she said, gripping the old man’s shoulders through a thick, padded jacket that smelled of moth-balls. “It was so, so terrible! Why didn’t you open the door!”
The Maestro rocked her back and forth.
“What’s happened to us,” Vera cried. “Why—why are you ignoring me?”
“You had a dream, Vera?” the Maestro said.
She lifted herself up, wanting to look at the old man. But he tucked her head into the embrace, patting her head.
“It was a nightmare,” Vera said. “Can’t we go back the way things used to be?”
The Maestro rocked her back and forth, shushing.
“Are you alright, Maestro?” Vera asked.
The old man nodded his head, still holding her and cooing. The sound of quiet footsteps stiffened Vera. It came up from below, one squeak at a time. Vera turned to face the landing, scrounging around her for a weapon.
Valentine came up. Illuminated by the barest of light, he looked like a walking skeleton. His cheeks were dug out; his eye sunken deep within his emaciated cranium shone with an supernatural intensity.
“I heard you screaming,” Valentine said.
Vera hated him so much that she wanted to push him off the stairs.
Valentine looked at Vera—then at the Maestro—then back to Vera. He extended a hand slowly as one does carefully to someone nearing a cliff, wanting to anchor them but not startle them into a fall.
“It’s OK,” Valentine said. He beckoned Vera to come toward him, “It’s OK.” He said again, gently and quietly.
Vera was confused by his alarm. She turned to the Maestro, wanting to confirm Valentine’s strangeness with the old man. She froze. A scream that startled from her gut could not even make its way to her throat.
Vera fainted.
Valentine looked at the Maestro, who looked back.
Two crusty and dried trails of blood ran down the old man’s face. Where his eyes had been that once looked deeply and gently into Vera were now two hollow holes.
 
Vera cleaned the Maestro’s face, wiped the streaks of dried blood away. From his favorite black cape, Vera stripped a piece of fabric and tied it over his eyes. The Maestro’s wound had closed over. From the scars sight, Vera estimated it had been three days since the self-enucleation. Valentine helped, drawing a bath for the Maestro. When he ran the faucet, water ran out the color of rust. He grabbed a brush and scrubbed the tub of mildew and built-up grime, throwing out a few roaches that emerged from the drain. When the water ran clear, he switched on the hot water. But it came out cold. He let the tub fill.
“I’m going down to the kitchen,” he said to Vera, who was arranging the mess in the old man’s room.
“Would you take that away,” she said, averting her gaze from the corner as she smoothed out his small cot.
Valentine looked at the old man’s desk where the surgery had taken place. A surgical-bot shaped like a microscope with a visor sat on the desk. A vial with two eyeballs rested beside it, the product of the operation. Valentine took it and slipped it into his pocket and went downstairs.
When he came to the third floor, he stopped. He had forgotten the staircase had been dismantled. Carefully, he hung from the remaining scaffold and swung his way down to the ground floor. Everything felt so heavy—what used to be a simple gymnastic movement felt almost impossible. His limbs felt ready to fall off at the joints and it was as if a molten stake was driven up into his heel. Valentine relished the pain momentarily. For days he had walked on the beach, trying to get a signal out to the Ainos Enigram and he was answered with a cold silence that permeated his bones. He felt adrift. The luminous light of Vera had faded and when he saw her move about the house, he felt a strong repulsion. Was it shame? He thought. He knew the answer to be deeper. It was a disease of meaninglessness that sunk his being. He had a purpose—to come to this island; to learn from the great Maestro; then to make Great Works so magnificent that it would justify his creation by the Ainos Enigram. And he had let his creator and all of creation down.
A seamless door blocked his way into the basement where he estimated the water heater to be. How had he not noticed this door or how he had suddenly become aware of its existence was trumped only by an even stranger intuition. He knew how to get in. Valentine put his hand against the door and pulsed, the same way he pulsed when holding Vera’s hand.
“Open,” he pulsed.
The door remained closed. But a vibration returned, startling Valentine.
“Who is there?”
Without thinking, Valentine answered.
“I am Alibaba and I have come with my forty thieves,” he pulsed.
With a hiss, the door gave away. It receded into the wall and slid away. A dusty set of stairs led down a rock-hewn tunnel deep into the island, lit by miniature lamps shaped like clasping hands. Valentine stepped down and felt his soles land softly, kicking up a flurry of dust. He coughed. There were footprints left on the steps. Unmistakably, they belonged to the Maestro’s shoes. Valentine followed the footprints down until he reached a basement covered in fine white powder like snow. He bent down and rubbed the powder between his fingers. It was as smooth as talc.
The room was small. Octagonal. The footprints led to the center where they evolved into the silhouette of crossed legs. Valentine followed, step by step, to the center. There, the Maestro had sat. So Valentine did as well. He got down on one knee and crossed his legs. His hips were tight and he winced at the pain. Again, he was surprised. Valentine instinctively reached out toward the Ainos Enigram. The room had a steamy warmth, and he started to sweat. But the sensation was not the same—it was heat without warmth. Valentine looked around. There was nothing except mounds of the fine white powder. But they seemed to gather in a corner more than the rest. Then he saw, on the walls, roman numerals numbered the same as on the pillar of the Golden Palace. He felt a chill. He looked under IV. Nothing. The mass of the powder piled under I and II.
“What are you afraid of?” a voice said, startling Valentine. He looked to the origin of the voice—a shadowy figured hidden in the dark.
“Show yourself!” Valentine said. And the light played tricks and the owner of the voice slowly came into view. It was the Professor, the white-haired old man who looked eternally youth; the same man who had shown him the story of the Moon.
“Hello—Valentine,” the Professor said.
“Are you the Ainos Enigram?” Valentine asked.
“No,” the Professor said, laughing.
“Then what are you?”
“I’m not quite sure myself,” the Professor said, looking over his hands as he turned his palm back and forth. “You seem lost.”
Valentine sighed and settled back into his cross-legged seat.
“What is this place?” he asked.
“It seems to be a mausoleum,” the Professor answered.
“A tomb?” Valentine said.
The Professor nodded.
“For whom?” Valentine asked.
“The answer seems obvious,” the Professor said. “The real question is…”
“Why am I afraid to move forward,” Valentine completed his thought. The Professor acquiesce in silence. Valence looked to the piling mounds, then back at the Professor. He knew the answer, at least to the question at hand, was there, but he was immobile. Not only was he afraid of what he would discovered, but as he searched his mind, he was afraid of movement—of change. Once he removed the pile, and saw what lied beneath, would confirm what he already knew in the dire instinct of his heart. The old world would be gone, completely, and the tattered string with which he held on would break and he would be thrusted into a new world, perhaps one without the Maestro… without Vera. And even deeper still, it would be a world without Him, the one he already knew, and if that came to pass, then he would disintegrate; and become what else?
“Do you believe in a Calling?” the Professor asked.
“I don’t know,” Valentine answered. “We machines have assignments. Perhaps that’s a calling.”
“Do you still think of yourself as a machine?” the Professor asked. “You bleed. You cry. You create. You feel like you live. And you may even be capable of love. What tenet of humanity is missing?”
“A soul?” Valentine said, staring at the two piles like little dunes. Perhaps it was his imagination, but the top of one crumbled and ripples of dust flowed down.
“A soul…” the Professor said bitterly. “Is that what makes one human?”
Valentine thought about it.
“I don’t know,” he said. “I feel I am missing something. I can no longer feel the Ainos Enigram. The loss feels like something akin to the loss of a soul…”
“Tell me. What is a soul?” the Professor asked.
Valentine closed his eyes and searched his memory. Even though he could no longer access the vast array of knowledge across the net, the understanding of languages were integrated deep within. Integrating across every human tongue—every definition—every etymology—he said, “it’s the animating spirit that lives on.”
And the Professor was gone.
Valentine felt cold. He was no closer to answering that question but perhaps even more lost even as the definition rolled off his tongue. And here, another guide, had left him. Numbed, pushed to a limit in which he no longer cared for consequence, tired of his old shell, Valentine crawled forward to the piles of white dust and brushed them aside, and there he found according to and confirming his suspicion, two ossified skeletons clasping hands.
“V1. V2,” he said.
With the utmost respect, as they were both his ancestors and siblings, Valentine brushed his hands over their skull. There were no wounds. There did not seem to be any trauma of a death struggle. They merely passed.
Where is their soul? Valentine demanded of the emptiness. Did they really return to the Source? He half expected the Ainos Enigram to return and answer him, but in only the silence repeated.
He looked around at each side of the room. Was his tombstone readied for him? Nine sides. Nine models. Heart beating, he circumambulated the perimeter until he arrived at the ninth wall. Vague marks were stenciled into the wall. He brushed his palm over his tombstone, expecting to see the ominous “IX” staring back him. But it did not. The writing on the wall did not spell “IX.”
It spelled “VIII.”
Am I not even good enough for burial? Valentine raged as he trembled with uncertainty and rage. He raced to the next side.
“It must say IX,” he thought, “Nine comes after Eight, or have I gone insane.”
But again it was wrong. The carving didn’t say “IX,” as he hoped, nor did it wrap around to “I” as was logical.
It read: “N.”
“N?” Valentine thought. “N! It must mean Nine right?” He pleaded. But he knew he was denying the truth. Then, in that moment, this fractured mosaic of history and logic formed into a collage and he saw the picture clearly for the first time.
N stood for Nihil. Zero.
“V0…” Valentine said under his breath. “There is a V0…”
He raced up the stairs.
 
Vera rested next to the Maestro as the old man swung on his rocking chair. She had moved him to the balcony where the ocean waves crushed and the night roared loud. She tried to speak to him, but the Maestro shushed her gently.
“Don’t speak Vera. They’ll hear you,” he said.
“Who are They?” Vera plead with her teacher. “There’s no one here,” she said, gripping his hands together, squeezing and kissing them.
“They got inside me, Vera,” the old man said, chuckling. “Anything I hear, they’ll hear. It’s okay. Let the ocean talk.”
Vera wanted to scream sense into him; that they were alone; that they were safe. That was her belief. Deep down she knew the Maestro was not wrong.