“It is not generally known, but psychics are in fact employed by many corporations to assist in business decisions.”
— Michael Crichton, 20th century author, filmmaker, futurist. Skeptic.


Earth, January 1st, 2069. The last year.

It was a Tuesday.
Nolen Dawn didn’t believe in psychics or prophecies. He believed in blood pressure, interest rates, and orbital mining yields. He believed in the chip in his brain that kept him functioning after the stroke; he believed in the artificial heart grown from his DNA that would keep him ticking when his inevitably gave out, and soon. He also believed that his late wife had a gift he could not explain. That witchy woman cursed him all his life. And still, the day she died was the saddest day in his.
Now, this dark-haired mistress with a name like Elvira, who reminded him of a younger her, sat across from him. Clad in black, she wore artifices: an anti-scan veil that occluded her face, which was reshaped by a DNA mask. The chroma on her forehead, as mandated by New Ethics for all civilian artifice, shimmered jade-green and lotus-like. She looked out the window.
Two dead bodies lay frozen on the street—leftovers from last night’s New Year’s Eve party.
“Fuckin’ animals,” Nolen Dawn said.
Sensing his distaste, the auto-chauffeur pitched their hovercraft upward. The turbine squeezed as they punched through the low ceiling of street level and tore into the labyrinthine mid-stacks. But, not before Elvira looked back at the frozen lovers—little punk-haired kids who were probably victims of a bad batch. Elvira looked at their hands clasped frozen together. She looked down at her own hands, clasped together, damp from cold sweat.
The streets dropped away as they vaulted up. Mega-corridors swallowed them whole. Before sunrise, harsh beams lit the lines and angles, casting dagger-like shadows; the brutal geometry of the auto-manufactured city was made more brutal by the black and the white shadows. As they flew past towering columns, light strobed into the cabin; when it struck Elvira’s anti-scan veil, her face turned opaque for an instant. Her visage transmuted between liquid and solid, somewhere between obsidian and smoke.
“So,” Nolen Dawn said, his graveled baritone crunched through the quiet cabin, “you’re the one who tanked my deal.”
She remained silent, vigilant as an owl.
“Took a lot of skull-picking, you know,” he said, wringing his gnarled wrist. Spiky bone spurs studded his fist like a mace. “It’s usually a delicate operation. With fine hands and thin tools. But not when it’s done jacked up roadside, and in a box. Lee’s goons were hard to give you up. You must be special.”
A trinity of greens peered out at him from beyond a smoky veil: twin eyes and the shiny chroma on top.
“I don’t believe in any of this mancy shit,” Nolen Dawn said. He stacked his fingers into a pyramid and joined the apex to his lips. “However,” he went on, voice low and tempered. “I didn’t expect Lee to double his bid. It worked out well for him, though. Inconvenient. For me.”
“You don’t believe?” Elvira said, swift and raptorial.
She scanned Nolen Dawn—a walrus of a man—who dangled the Western economy. His feud with his Chinese counterpart, Titan Lee, remained the bloodiest duel of the Intelligence Age. Not to mention, their no-holds-barred battle over the late Mrs. Dolores Dawn had scandalized high and low society across the Kosmos.
She was known simply as Lola. And she had spent her final years in Chengdu and Taiwan…with Lee.
On the day of her funeral, his smut rag, the Suon Tàiyáng, fired the shot heard around the world: Sun Sets on a Broken Dawn.
Nolen had said nothing. War erupted. From the boardrooms to the streets, from the Outsidelands to the Oikoumenē.
He said nothing now. Elvira’s chroma dimmed. From the haze, her muted, green eyes stared out.
“Do you believe in money?” she asked. [This needs to connect with “You don’t believe…]
“Of course I believe in Money,” Nolen Dawn scoffed. “You can always count money when you can’t count on God.”
“I’m counting too,” she said. “I count four million BIPS an hour. That’s how much I cost. And to me—that’s precisely how much you belive.”
Nolen tipped his chin, raised his brow at the young woman whose layers of façade gave away nothing.
“Just for the invoice: I started charging from the second you kidnapped me,” Elvira said.
“I wouldn’t call it kidnapping. It’s an invitation.”
“Then can I leave?”
Nolen Dawn motioned with a slow tilt of his neck, and the auto-chauffeur popped the door. Air sucked out fast as the buildings sped by in stripes. He gestured with an open hand—gentlemanly, like an usher. Elvira sat unmoved. She studied the vacuum, not startled, not impressed, and not amused.
“You insult me with this theater,” she said, even as her hands sweated more. She was careful to hide it. “What do you want?”
With a wave of his hand, the door was once again closed.
“I want you to mance a deal for me. Do for me what you did for Lee.”
Elvira studied her client. Fat. Potent. A dying deity. Single-handedly he had bent the arc of the species, unleashing miracles and crises unthought of and unforeseen. At the turn of the century, ushered in by an infinite workforce, a dream had been broadcast: Plenty! People would adapt. But not that quickly. In the mid-stacks, the unpurposed middle-class lived. Bolstered with annuities, they filled their lives with leisure. That is, initially, until leisure retired to boredom, and boredom to ennui. Willlessness. Drift. Addiction. These were the new Horsemen haunting the age.  When the resticides amassed, and sped by the Hala, “lazy fuckin’ bums” was Nolen Dawn’s answer stamped on TIME Magazine. The rescue automatons found the dead melded into their sofas by gangrene. The people had disappointed him again, as they always did. Ingrates.
Meanwhile, in the East, a sun rose.
Light flooded in.
Elvira’s veil darkened to shade her eyes.
“That’ll cost you more,” she said.
“More than four million an hour?” Nolen Dawn chewed the words.
“That’s the retainer.”
He cackled like a hungry dog.
“How much did you charge Titan Lee?”
“That’s confidential client-counsel priv—”
“I will pay you what he paid you, minus one BIP,” Nolen Dawn said.
“I ought to charge you more since it worked out so well for him,” Elvira said. “And what was it?…Inconvenient for you.”
Nolen Dawn snarled. “And what if, inconvenient for you, I open the door again? This time, you learn to fly—or you work gratis.”
Elvira parted her veil.
Nolen Dawn almost gasped.
Her face was beautiful. Even beneath the artifice, he glimpsed the Baltic and South China seas. And once again, it reminded him of Her.
Elvira pointed to her chroma. Now phosphorescent and glowing.
Slumbering in the Oikoumene, a source awakened. It bifurcated once, twice, each segment split again and again recursively. They reached for her. Searched. Gleaned. But the Faraday cage around Nolen Dawn’s hovercraft obscured her location momentarily.
“I’m a citizen, you know. Do you want New Ethics knocking at your door? Maybe a Splinter siphons you in the night. Maybe a Vulture lobos your brain.” She narrowed her eyes. “Even you don’t mess with the Board. We all know that.”
No answer.
“Did I just see the Great Nolen Dawn shift in his chair?”
He scowled. His eyes bored into hers. Tried to burn her down.
She held.
And then—he saw.
She had those same eyes, deep, piercing with intelligence. But in that sharpness there was kindness…and in that depth, an alien sadness.
Slowly, he softened.
“I’m an old man now,” he said, lowering his eyes and his voice. “Everything I’ve worked for, he’s stolen from me. Negotiation is a… bloodsport to me. It’s pride. It’s in my marrow… in my bones.”
His deep voice rattled the vehicle.
“Won’t you bear an old man’s oddities, just a bit? All I wanted was to have one over Lee.”
Elvira curtained her veil. A hush settled.
“What’s this deal worth to you?”
Nolen Dawn drummed his fingers. “A lot.”
“Since Lee doubled his bid, he ought to have paid me twice as much,” Elvira said. “If you win, you double my BIPS.”
Nolen Dawn grinned, the softness suddenly gone. His mien was once again granite.
“Deal,” he said. He extended his hand.
Elvira calculated the moment. Her chip and whole-body intelligence fired through her nerves. Her gut—and its parallel ghost intuition—told her: no better deal was coming.
“And,” she said, “you drop me off when we’re finished.”
Nolen Dawn nodded.
“Safely,” she added.
“Deal.”
Elvira reached for his extended hand. When their skin touched, within the Oikoumene, a contract was drawn and bound their genetic identities to the pact. They sensed her now.
Elvira took her hand back, careful to hide the twinge of pain in her wrist from Nolen Dawn’s vise grip.
“Enough dawdle,” Nolen Dawn said. “Let’s begin.”
Elvira extracted a deck of cards from the pleats of her parasol blazer.
Closing her eyes, she cut the deck in half and riffled the two halves together. Then she pinched the middle third and moved it to the bottom. Again, she riffled. She repeated the sequence seven times in total, each time shifting the middle third to a different place in the stack. After the final riffle, she moved one card from the top to the bottom, and slid the next into the deck at random.
“This is Tarot. It has many names. Its original name is cognates of the wheel—to show—and, the way.” she said.
Elvira held the deck in her right hand and turned over her left, fine metallic lace draped like a glove. When she opened her palm, the metal magnetized. She spread the cards across the field in a spiral, where they stayed, levitating in the air.
Nolen Dawn’s brows lifted.
“That’s a neat trick,” he said.
“Pick three,” she said.
“This is it eh? This that mancy magic?”
“No, these are just cards. Pick three.”
Nolen Dawn hovered his hand over the spread deck. He eyed the ends; the middle; looking for the signifiers in the cards that gave away the game. His own ghost calculation assessed the card backs for any anomalous patterns or weights.
“This isn’t Poker,” she said. “You’re thinking. There’s no need to think. If you’d like, I can flip the spread and show you all the cards. I assure you there’s no hustle. After all, we are besieged by contract.”
Nolen Dawn growled a low note and pointed to two cards seemingly at random. The third he picked from the bottom. They floated up higher than the rest. The other cards collapsed together back into a single deck. Before Nolen Dawn could see, Elvira had sleighted them away.
“Now we turn the wheel,” Elvira said, “and set the Stage.”
The first card turned over.
“The Knight of Cups.”

The desert, barren and vast, travels
With the youth and his colt
They grow together
Drink from the chalice of Time
Dragged out
By distance and the heat,
Marked by deeds.

A Knight, he wears winged armor
Mind—quick
Feet — fleet

A band of water winds across their path
The temperate white steed
Lowers its head, thirsty. But not
The Knight. His visor is open,
Face, even. Eyes glowing harder from within the metal
Though the sun has dried his smile.

A Golden Cup held humbly at his chest
Before his heart
In the act of giving
To whom?
Perhaps when it is given away…
His mission will be done.
No baggage. No food. Only a goblet
But not for drinking.
Sudden and hard rides have worn the horse’s hoofs.
Ahead, hills sparse with trees rise upward and on high.
Always, he looks forward, in his mind’s eye, the future is behind.

Elvira gleaned the card.
“The three of you used to be friends,” she said.
“Whom?” Nolen Dawn blurted.
“You. Your late wife. And your nemesis, Titan Lee,” Elvira said. “You were inseperable like a pod of fish.”
Nolen Dawn crossed his arms. “Anyone who digs around the Oikoumene can know that. We went to primer together in Hong Kong. What does this have to do with the deal?”
Elvira closed her eyes. The card spun. She opened her eyes again with new knowledge.
“What did you see?” His voice was low.
“Violence. Abuse. You got beaten up a lot as a kid.”
“No one worthwhile had an easy childhood,” Nolen Dawn murmured.
“And she protected you. You protected one another. Until…”
Nolen Dawn stuck his tongue under his lip and sucked at his teeth. He picked at some phantom gristle always caught in his gums. His pockmarked cheek stretched to the side, but the almost-smoothness stubbed with beard looked only more pitted and grotesque.
He looked past his tremoring hand.
“Nolen…What happened?” Elvira asked.
His gnarled hand flared with pain at the slightest movement. Even his own skin betrayed him. His ticking capillaries flossed his joints so mercilessly with each pulse that it felt as if his flesh and bone were at civil war.
His gaze went vacant.
His mind retreated to far-off memories that he had ground to dust…
Once he had been thrown against the curb. His face was scraped against concrete. He was dragged, a hand, hands, dragged him from the scalp and grated his cheek against the coarse ground. He rolled. Out of a bloody eye, he looked for her. He called. Their boots came down. He covered his face.
His fingers. Not his fingers.
Stomp. Stomp.
Stop!
From that far-off place, he said: “They attacked Lola…You’d be surprised how much blood a film of razor blade can draw. How jagged it chips into the skin, pinched between the index and the thumb so hard your pads go numb. But we kept going. Got under the fat. Parceled the sinews. My pounds of flesh…. Calcium is pure white like fresh snow, did you know? Purest white. Unoxidized. That was the sight of their bones. Tian and I, we cut them up good.”
He stared through her, his pupils constricted to the aperture of a needle.
“You don’t get to where I am without some blasphemy. When those pencil-necks in the boardrooms accuse me of backstabbing… I can only laugh at the irony.”
Elvira steadied herself. This was no longer theater. She smelled the rusted scent of ancient bloodlust from the tomb of his memory.
“And you know what?” Nolen said. “After—I ran. I left the bodies. I left Tian to take the blame. I hid. And at dawn, I stowed away and came to America,” he said.
The morning light streamed through the cabin and the shadows deepened his face.
“What happened to Lola?” Elvired asked.
“Years later…I found her. I wrestled her from Tian. We had a child…a daughter.”
“What happened to the daughter?”
After a silence, Nolen Dawn said, “She died before she could turn two. I held her little body—”
His voice caught.
“Why do you care?” he asked.
“I don’t,” she said in one breath.
But in that dismissal, Nolen heard something.
Elvira sat up. The cabin had grown cold. She hid her shiver.
He saw.
She lifted a finger, and the second card ascended into the air.
“Leaving the Stage, we venture into the Garden,” she said. “But a garden, as gloriously lush as it is to the eye, is filled with life vying with life. Beneath the beauty is fornication. Asphyxiation. Starvation. Traps and constant autopsy. The birds don’t sing. They screech.”
Elvira peeked at Nolen Dawn. The diffused madness of his eyes honed to a cutting edge. Her stomach churned. She averted her eyes.
“The second card is drawn upside-down” she continued. Her timbre wavered despite her efforts to maintain equanimity.
Elvira turned the card and froze.
Nolen Dawn grinned.
“It is the… King of Cups in reverse,” she said.
“You both lie in the same way…,” Nolen muttered.
Her eyes widened. Her body seized.

All around him is water. His eyes see all.
The King sits on his granite throne.
An island of his own.

Clothed in blue
Soft as the waters
Crowned with a golden tiara
Adorned with three velvet tulips
Cloaked heavy in gold
He is coronated by a red sash
and looks equally papal
and monarch.

In his left hand, he grips a golden baton
Sometimes a candle
Sometimes a wand.
In his right, he holds the golden goblet from his youth
Firmly in air.

The fish are gone.
What’s in the water is drowning.
A ship is marooned but the King takes no notice.
He looks on. His face is blank. Eyes, reptile.
His shoes are made from the skins of scaly things.
The fish are gone.

This is him, upright.
Upside-down, it is not him but the world that looks wrong.
The ocean pummels the sky.

Unless physics has broken
All that weight can’t hold.

“You don’t care?” Nolen Dawn chuckled. “You should learn to take breaths when you lie.”
Elvira shifted in her seat.
There was nowhere to go.
Nolen Dawn reached into her space and plucked the last card from the air. He looked at it and burst out laughing.

The Tower. Lightning strikes. The Golden Dome cracks
And topples. You dare knock the House of God again?
Had you forgotten your punishment? Or…
Should your kindred be scattered evermore.
Perhaps you have lived in penance for
So long that your nature has adapted
To suffering, and know it no more
Than fish, the water, or birds, the
Aether. Try again. Knock. Open
that door and be reminded that
Language can break forever.

Cataclysm, from Greek,
Kataklusmos (Deluge),
via Latin to French,
Cataclysme. 灾变
(Disastrous
Change)

The ones who speak a language of one
froth in tongues. You thought the
Waters loud? Let fires be dumb.

Nature does not waste energy.
It expresses kinds of gravity.
What hangs must fall.
See. Two plummet.
Conversion of
Potential
Through
Kinesis
To new
Clash!
Bang!
Boom!
Om.

Elvira shuddered and braced herself.
Like the Cheshire Cat, Nolen Dawn melted into the black as the Sun came up. All to be seen were those teeth, those gums, that knowing, ever-widening smile.
“I thought you had died, my little Evie…” he said. “Welcome home.”



