“If you are kidnapped, activate your insurance policy immediately. Splinters will be deployed with a 98% chance of recovery in the first 24 hours. 60% of recovered persons remain near †functional.”
— Key Persons Insurance Policy Agreement, Alle-Giant Insurance Co., an arm of New Ethics


January 2nd, 2069, 6:01AM. A shit day.


“Donchu fuckin’ dare!” Pace Tom shouted.
His leggy form vaulted over the hood of his parked convertible hovercraft, his effortless bedhead hair tossing briefly in the air. Even in anger, he smiled a little smile, admiring his own movement, his own finesse. Too cocky. His jeans snagged on the hood ornament, one he had jacked from a higher-end vehicle but never installed properly. His half-assed work caught him.
The denim ripped from hip to thigh. Pace went down hard. He posted a hand to soften the impact.
Crunch.
Fuck!
The torpid, pot-bellied towman didn’t even flinch. He turned a droopy eye toward the flailing figure clutching his own wrist, kicking and squirming on the ground. The towman shook his head, wiped the meat-sweat from his brow, and returned to his monitor. He poked the unresponsive screen with a sausagey finger. Sweat squeaked across the glass. He wiped it with his shirt, on which peeling letters read: TOW-TALLY AWESOME.
An autowmator waddled toward Pace offering an outstretched hand-equivalent. The gesture amused him. His ever-present smirk softened its vainglorious edge. The sharp pain in his wrist dwindled to a warm throb.
“Hey hey! Not that—” the towman barked. He smacked the autowmator across its drum-like body; the hollow shell rang with a flat, metallic bang.
Pace winced.
The pain in his wrist returned sharply.
“That’s not nice,” Pace muttered under his breath, starting to his feet.
“—Over there! That!” The towman jabbed a finger toward his truck.
Though chipped and painted a humdrum white, its brusque, oblique angles and armored sheath suggested it hadn’t been built for municipal work. It was retrofitted military surplus.
The autowmator turned away from Pace and waddled toward the winch in the back of the truck.
“Dumbass robot.”
Pace stood up, hunching over, his left hand gripping his right, one butt cheek hanging out.
“Why’d you do that,” he said, his voice hushed and serene.
The towman didn’t hear Pace.
He cursed as he marauded over to five inert, rusted autowmators docked to the side of the truck and kicked the nearest one. All five stirred. They demagnetized from their docks and clanked to the ground.
Though awkward as ducks on land with their kneeless legs and wedge feet, once retracted into ellipsoids and slid on their roller backs, they were slick as lightning. The autowmators unlatched hundred pound cables from the winch, mounted them on their gyroscopic frames, and rushed passed Pace on both sides. At that speed, the cables were whistling.
The six weaved the towlines around Pace’s hovercraft as deftly as master seamsters threading bobbins. They strapped down the turbines, fastened the fan-wings, and secured the two-person cockpit. They even took care to avoid the fragile nanofiber bodywork at the front and rear.
When they finished, the hovercraft was like a Christmas present bond in rope.
The towman settled himself in the cabin of his truck, and from somewhere, found himself an overstuffed sandwich.
Pace walked up to the side of the cabin in time for the towman to take a bite. A spermatic burst of condiment and gelatinuous biomeat splattered onto Pace’s shirt.
He recoiled.
Goodness; Truth; Beauty. These needed no justification. The ooze spreading across his chest mocked all three. His small, private smile vanished. His face curdled with disgust.
Biting his lip, Pace straightened his shirt, then flicked at the particulates with three sharp, mechanical swipes.
Once—
Twice—
Pop.
Pain shot through his wrist like a live wire.
Pace clenched his teeth to stifle a scream, but bit wrong, tearing his inner lip. He yelped.
The stain only sneered wider across his chest.
The slime clinging to his hand dribbled. Bits of it landed on his sparkling red snakeskin shoe.
Pace stared at his sodden, mangled claw.
Godamnit. Just take this fucking thing.
“‘Orry,” the towman said, mouth stuffed with sandwich.

Still chewing, the towman slumped to one side like a beached walrus, groping down toward his feet until his fingers hooked a dirty rag near his ankle. He held it out to Pace.
Pace raised his hands in refusal, shaking his head in rapid succession. Turning away, he retreated to a little corner in himself, and just as his dream doula had taught him, emptied the air from his lungs. He inhaled—squeezed, squeezed—until every muscle and fiber fully extended and all the tension gathered to points just beyond his fists.
He held it.
Held it.
And deflated with a long, cathartic:
“Ahhhh….”
The towman was pushed back into his seat.
“You ahright?” he asked. “Gotta piss or somethin’? Never seen that before.”
Pace turned back to the cabin, his eyes suddenly intent.
“Hey, you can’t tow my car.”
“Can’t park here,” the towman said, almost quizzically.
Pace just stared at him.
The towman shrugged. He sniffed the rag still in his hand, folded it neatly, and set it on the dash. Then, with surprising delicacy, he placed an air freshener on top. It was shaped like a hamburger with a bite taken out of it.
He turned it so the missing chunk faced him, like a shy smile.
Pace watched the rotation. “…Why?”
“Why?”
“Why can’t I park here.”
The towman tapped a monitor mounted on a slender neck. A field of red dotted the screen: all the illegally parked vehicles. Beside each, the BIPS owed incremented like a mileage counter.
“What’s this supposed to mean?” Pace asked.
“It’s simple,” he said with a lopsided, droopy squint. “Illegal parking.”
“You must be a genius, ‘cause I can’t figure it out,” Pace said. “Which one is even mine?”
“Sir, if you want to collect your vehicle please report to—”
“I am collecting my vehicle. Right now,” Pace said.
“You can’t collect it now,” the towman said, voice rising.
“You watch me,” Pace said. “I’m reporting you to the Network for Public Satisfaction, unless you tell me why my car is getting towed.” He gestured to a sign on the dash that said, “How’s my towing?” along with the towman’s employee number.
The towman let out a low growl. NPS always made a mess of things.
He flung his balled-up sandwich wrapper across the cabin of the truck. It rattled into a corner.
Squinting at the monitor, he tried to find Pace’s hovercraft. He stabbed at the glass with a greasy finger. His touch barely registered through the oil slick he had smeared across the screen. Menus popped open. Then more menus. Submenus within submenus bloomed like bacteria, each one spewing laggy confirmations and low-contrast warnings that ate up the screen.
“Voice on,” the towman ordered.
“Voice mode: On,” the monitor’s voice assistant said.
“Find car, Lot S, Num: 9B—”
“Fine Carlos Núñez: Ninety BIPS,” it said. “Your contact: Carlos Núñez, has been fined ninety BIPS. Thank you for your service, keep up the good work.”
“No! Stop,” the towman shouted.
“Non-stop at red light. Fine increased to eight hundred and ninety BIPS. Thank you for the update, keep up the good work.”
His voicecaller rang.
The cabin boomed with rage in surround sound.
“¡Tu puta madre! The fuck you trynna do,” presumably Carlos screamed, “trynna steal from me? ¡Chúpamela! My babies need that money for food think they gonna eat government cheese again? They need their vitamin C! You—Fat—Dumb—Fat—Mutherfucka! What?! You ran outta sandwiches?! Wait ‘till I find you! Better get that shit right before—”
The towman slapped the voicecall off and ripped the mic from its port.
“You don’t got a neursync?” Pace asked, quietly aside.
The towman cursed, repeatedly. He beat the monitor with both fists then yanked it out of its holster and with both hands choked it until it died.
Their bout was over.
The towman paused, panting.
Victory. A Pyrrhic victory.
“So I guess you still don’t know why…” Pace said.
The towman hurled a maniac look his way.
Pace pursed his lips and nodded.
The open circuits shorted and fried.

Pace looked at the oafish figure heaving in the seat.
He got a strange feeling.
When he was a kid, he’d seen a documentary about endangered species. Walruses, specifically. Ugly things. Blubber, whiskers, with ivory chopstick teeth.
There had been fewer than a hundred left on Earth before New Ethics stabilized the climate and the Cloning Conservancy rejuvenated their stock. But before that, the glaciers connecting their breeding and hunting grounds had melted into jagged, dry land.
The walruses followed the same paths their ancestors had taken for centuries, dragging their thousand-pound bodies up miles of rocky incline, scraping their bellies across rocks like stilettos. Many died from perforation.
For those that made it to the top, this was their encounter at the end of the world: A sheer drop into a field of boulders.
By instinct, they still threw themselves forward. Their bodies worked against them. Tumbling. Tumbling. Tumbling…
At the bottom, thousands lay crushed. Dead. Dying. Killed by the momentum of their own programming.
Pace looked at the sunken bulk of the towman filling the cabin. He didn’t hate the man. He couldn’t.
“Hey,” Pace said. “Hey.”
The towman looked at him with a droopy eye. “What?” he said.
“What’s your name?” Pace asked.
“My name?”
“Yea, your name.”
The towman looked at his employee number on the dash.
“Henry,” he said, “Henry John.”
“Henry, that comes from German,” Pace said, “It means ‘King of the House.’”
Henry looked at his hands, his feet, and the leather throne he sat in. Pace looked too, at the cabin and the hoard of filth. Every corner stuffed with trash, every surface smeared with grease. Yet in this tiny kingdom of garbage, there was one sacred altar. On the dash, immaculately surrounded by a halo of cleanliness, the hamburger smiled.
Pace understood.
He turned to Henry and saw him anew. TOW-TALLY AWESOME. The shirt, thinned from one too many washes, took on new meaning.
“That a gift?” Pace asked Henry about his shirt.
Henry nodded. His eyes started to well up.
“That too?” Pace pointing to the hamburger.
Henry delicately took the hamburger off its rag stand and showed Pace the comic letters on the bottom.
Stay safe! I love you Daddy!—Gris
Henry started to sob.
“It’s alright big guy,” Pace said, patting him on the shoulder.
“It’s just hard you know,” Henry said. “Some days are just shit.”
“I know. I know,” Pace said. He dug in his pocket and offered his handkerchief to Henry. “Everything’s going to be alright. Eventually.”
“Ya think?” Henry asked between gulps.
“I guarantee it.”

