Chapter 2


“If you are kidnapped, activate your insurance policy immediately. Splinters will be deployed with a 98% chance of recovery in the first 24 hours. 60% of recovered persons remain near †functional.”
— Key Persons Insurance Policy Agreement, Alle-Giant Insurance Co., an arm of New Ethics


January 2nd, 2069, 6:01 AM. A shit day.

“Donchu fuckin’ dare!”
Pace Tom’s shout ricocheted off the concrete pillars of the underground parking lot, a cavernous sprawl lit by flickering neon strips. His leggy form vaulted over the hood of his convertible hovercraft, its underglow pulsing blue against his effortless bedhead hair as it danced in the air. Even pissed, he flashed a smug little smile—too cocky, too slick. His jeans snagged on the hood ornament, a chrome spider he’d swiped from some luxury rig but bolted on half-assed. Karma’s a bitch.
The denim tore from hip to thigh with a ripping snarl, exposing skin to the damp, ozone-charged air. Pace crashed hard, posting a hand to break his fall.
Crunch.
Fuck!

Above, a holographic ad for neursync implants flickered, its jingle clashing with the distant hum of machinery. The lot buzzed—maintenance drones zipped overhead, their red sensors scanning rows of vehicles: sleek hovercrafts beside rusted hulks, all bathed in the glow of cracked LED billboards plastered with propaganda from the Network for Public Satisfaction.

The towman, Brendan, didn’t twitch. His pot belly strained a faded “TOW-TALLY AWESOME” shirt, the peeling letters a relic of better days. His skin, mottled with scars and cheap cybernetic grafts, gleamed with sweat as his red-glowing cyber-eye swiveled lazily toward Pace, flailing like a pinned bug. Brendan shook his head, jowls wobbling, and wiped meat-sweat from his brow with a meaty paw. He turned back to his monitor, jabbing the smeared screen with a sausage-thick finger. It squeaked, streaked with grime. He wiped it on his shirt, stretching the fabric taut.

A rusted autowmator waddled over to Pace, its gray shell dented, sensor-cluster head whirring. It extended a manipulator arm—almost a hand—and Pace’s smirk softened. The pain in his wrist dulled to a throb.
“Hey hey! Not that—” Brendan barked, lumbering over. He smacked the bot’s drum-like body; a hollow bang echoed.
Pace winced, pain spiking again.
“That’s not nice,” he muttered, hauling himself up.
“—Over there! That!” Brendan jabbed at his truck—a chipped, white behemoth with armored plating and scorched military insignias, retrofitted from surplus into a towing beast.

The autowmator retracted its legs, morphing into a sleek ellipsoid. It zipped toward the truck’s winch on its roller back, fast as a bullet.
“Dumbass robot,” Brendan grumbled, fondness sneaking into his growl.

Pace stood, hunching, one hand cradling the other, denim flapping to reveal a bare cheek. “Why’d you do that?” he asked, voice eerily calm.
Brendan didn’t hear, cursing as he kicked five inert autowmators docked to the truck. They clanked to life, demagnetizing and dropping like clumsy ducks. Once retracted into ellipsoids, they shot off, cables whistling as they swarmed Pace’s hovercraft. With seamstress precision, they strapped turbines, secured fan-wings, and tied down the cockpit, dodging the nanofiber bodywork like it was glass.
When done, the craft was a trussed-up prize, cables gleaming under the lot’s artificial dawn.

Brendan slumped into his truck’s cabin, fishing out a dripping sandwich. Pace approached just as he bit down—condiment and biomeat splattered across Pace’s chest.
He recoiled. The ooze mocked everything sacred—goodness, truth, beauty. His smile vanished, face twisting in disgust. He flicked at it mechanically—once, twice—
Pop.
Pain seared his wrist. He bit his lip to stifle a scream, tearing it instead. Blood trickled as the stain spread, dripping onto his red snakeskin shoe.
“Godamnit. Just take this fucking thing,” he muttered.
“‘Orry,” Brendan mumbled, mouth full.

Chewing, he groped for a rag by his ankle and offered it. Pace waved it off, retreating inward. He exhaled hard—squeezed every muscle—then released a long:
“Ahhhh…”
Brendan rocked back. “You ahright? Gotta piss or somethin’?”
Pace’s eyes sharpened. “Hey, you can’t tow my car.”
“Can’t park here,” Brendan said, puzzled.
Pace stared.
Brendan shrugged, folding the rag neatly on the dash and topping it with a hamburger-shaped air freshener, bite mark facing him like a grin.

“Why can’t I park here?” Pace pressed.
Brendan tapped his monitor, red dots pulsing—illegally parked vehicles, BIPS ticking up like a doomsday clock.
“What’s this mean?”
“Illegal parking,” Brendan said, squinting.
“You’re a genius, ‘cause I can’t figure it out. Which one’s mine?”
“Sir, if you want your vehicle, report to—”
“I’m collecting it now.”
“You can’t,” Brendan snapped.
“Watch me. I’m reporting you to NPS unless you explain.” He pointed to the “How’s my towing?” sign with Brendan’s employee number.

Brendan growled, cyber-eye flashing. NPS was a bureaucratic hellhole. He flung his sandwich wrapper into the cabin’s trash heap—crumpled papers, food wrappers, tools—and stabbed the monitor. Menus bloomed, a digital mess of lag and warnings.
“Voice on,” he barked.
“Voice mode: On,” it droned.
“Find car, Lot S, Num: 9B—”
“Fine Carlos Núñez: Ninety BIPS. Thank you for your service.”
“No! Stop!”
“Non-stop at red light. Fine increased to eight hundred and ninety BIPS.”
The voicecaller erupted with Carlos’s rage: “¡Tu puta madre! Trynna steal from me? My babies need food!”
Brendan slapped it off, ripping out the mic.
“You don’t got a neursync?” Pace asked quietly.
Brendan pounded the monitor until it died, panting in triumph—a hollow win.

“So you still don’t know why…” Pace said.
Brendan’s glare was feral. Pace nodded, backing off as burnt circuits stank up the cabin.

He studied Brendan, a heaving walrus in his filth-strewn throne. Pace recalled a documentary—walruses dragging themselves over jagged cliffs, tumbling to their deaths. He didn’t hate Brendan. Couldn’t.
“Hey,” Pace said. “What’s your name?”
“Brendan,” he muttered, glancing at his employee number.
“That’s Irish. Means ‘Prince.’”
Brendan eyed his greasy hands, the cabin’s trash kingdom. Atop the dash, the hamburger air freshener sat pristine, a gift from “Gris”—“Stay safe! I love you Daddy!”
His eyes welled.
“That a gift?” Pace asked, nodding at the shirt.
Brendan nodded, sobbing.
“That too?” The hamburger.
Brendan showed the note. He broke down.
“It’s alright, big guy,” Pace said, offering a handkerchief. “Everything’s gonna be alright. Eventually.”
“Ya think?” Brendan gulped.
“I guarantee it.”