He hobbled over to his craft and planted himself on the hood. “It’s not going anywhere and I’m not going anywhere!”
“Sir, you can’t sit on this car. It’s city property.”
“City. Property!” Pace said beside himself. He threw up his hands only to yelp at the agitated pain in his wrist.
“Sir, if you don’t move, I’ll be forced to move you,” the towman said, very bored and matter of fact.
“Like hell,” Pace groaned, “ah godram it I got spit on the hood now. You know I just waxed this thing?”
The towman walked away from Pace to the cabin of the hulking tow-craft. He opened the door, and stenciled in black with gold trimming on chipped white paint was the name of the company, Sentinel Tower.
“You sure that’s spelled right?” Pace said. He doubled his chin and scrunched his face, repeating the word, “tow-er. Toe-er. It just doesn’t look right you know. Oh…okay…what is that.” He sat up.
Click-clack!
The towman loaded the shotgun. Seemingly awake now and with a gleam of menace, he said, “Sir, don’t make this into an incident. And please step away from city propety.”
“THIS IS MY CAR!”
The towman flipped flipped his cap and raised the shotgun. Pace stared down the barrel. He raised his hands slowly.
“I admit. I have an anger problem. I can be a bit quick-tempered. What is that?”
“This is a standard issue deterrent assigned to public servants to enforce compliance and for our safety,” the towman said, widening his stance.
“Is it lethal?” Pace asked.
“Not to humans,” the towman said. “It fires 12-gauge electro-pellets.” One corner of his mouth curled up. He leaned his body forward into the gun’s shoulder stock. “But it hurts like hell.”
“I don’t like how you say that—wait! Wait! Alright alright I’ll get off the damn thing.” Pace kept his hands up eventhough the right wrist was killing him and he slowly slid off the hood. “Am I being arrested?”
“I’m not the police, sir.”
“What do I do?”
“Are you a danger to yourself or the public servant, sir?”
“No!”
“Will you comply with the rules of the City for purpose of public peace and social harmony as well as tax efficiency, sir?”
Pace grumbled.
The towman got energetic and leaned forward on the barrel again.
“Yes! Yes!” Pace said, “What do you want, get on my knees?”
Clack. The towman sighed. He unchambered the round and flipped back his cap. “Please remain where you are, sir.” The towman walked his gun back to the cabin.
“Tower,” Pace mumbled to himself with his hands still up, “Tow-er. It still looks weird.”
