



“Do you have a neurlink?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
The towman ignored him.
“How long have you worked this job?” Pace asked.
“Twelve years,” the towman grumbled, still fussing with the monitor.
“Twelve years,” Pace counted, “how old are you? Fourty-five?”
“I’m thirty-five!” the towman snapped, turning his whole bulk toward Pace. His belly caught in the steering wheel and pressed the horn. It continued to honk. The towman was entangled in his harness system and could not dislodge his distended gut.
“Here,” Pace said. He stepped onto the landing of the cabin and unclasped the harness. The security ties whistled back into their holsters. The towman pushed his seat back. With his body off the horn, the honking stopped.
“Thanks,” he said. His face was getting red. His eyes were welling up.
“It’s okay,” Pace said. “It happens.”
The towman started to sob. His body heaved. Snot ran down his nose. Pace reached for the rag.
“Don’t touch that!” the towman said. Pace’s hands froze.
He looked at the cabin, stuffed with garbage and filth. If there was an edge, there was grease or slime on it. Yet, mixed in with the smell of the stink of the incandescent scent of vanilla. Pace looked at the smiling hamburger air freshener. He glanced around the cabin. Where had this man the sensibility to buy himself such a thing?
“Gift?” Pace asked.
“Yea, mah daughter,” the towman said. He took the burger in his fat palm and squeezed it. It squeaked and sprayed a puff of vanilla. Pace handed him the dirty rag. “Here.”
“Thanks.”
“You worked this job twenty years?”
“Yea.” The towman dabbed his eyes. He looked at Pace with pink, tear-jerked eyes. His corpulence not long strange and disgusting but a sympathetic relic.
“But autos been doing this for decades.”
“It’s my dad’s job.”
“This a jobs for keeps?”
The towman nodded.
Pace understood. He didn’t hate this man. He was like those walrus, just a creature who had not evolved with the changing environment. Once perfectly adapted to his purpose, now that purpose was legally there to keep him busy and poorly paid.
“Why do you do this? Don’t you get government BIPS?”
“It my dad’s job.”
“Where’s your dad?”
“Dead.” His voiced shooked again. He sniffed into the rag.
“You’re doing this cause you don’t want to let him down?”
The towman lowered overhead flap. A certificate fell out. He showed it to Pace. “My dad on his retirement.”
In the photo, the towman was just a chubby kid. His dad next him was a beefy guy, muscular from decades of labor. Pace nodded and handed the photo back.
“I mean, I just don’t get it man,” Pace said. “Aren’t you bored man?”
“No,” the towman said. “Keeps me busy.”
And Pace believed him.
“I like a routine. It keeps me off the hala.”
Pace took out a linked necklace from his shirt.
The towman smiled. He took out the same necklace. “Seven years next month.”
“Three years and counting for me,” Pace said.
“Doin’ it for my daughter. Going to put her in Eschelon with the BIPS.” The towman pointed up. Pace looked. Past the gridiron of the street. Past the labyrinthe of the midstack. Above, there was only an opaque, imperceptible haze.
“Eschelon,” Pace said. “I’d been in Eschelon.”
The towman looked at him with half an ass hanging out. “Sure bud.” He laughed and clinked their medallions together in a cheer.
