
[Consider this the end of chapter one]
[Continues from “A consultation”]

“So?” Nolen Dawn said.
“Your stock is up ten percent today. It’s tripled in the last six months.”
Nolen Dawn waited.
“But your company is slipping because you don’t have the passion, no… ah, the vision anymore. When you were a young man you were all fire, all grit, guided by heart. Everyone thought you did it alone. But you didn’t. That grace has left you. Maybe it went when she died. You feel it too. Why else would you call for me? There is a fourth wall you sense but cannot see. You have your sights on something much, much bigger than legacy,” Elvira said. “Whatever deal you’re considering, you must not lose.”
“And if I do?”
“The light moves east. At least, for a fraction.”
“Then it is settled—”
“But wait,” Elvira said. “Search your intentions.”
“What do you mean?”
“I see the next yuga so bright that it covers the Suns.”
“Suns?” Nolen Dawn growled.
“Yes.”
Nolen Dawn chewed her words.
“Covered in flames or promise?” He asked.
“I don’t know,” Elvira replied.
Nolen Dawn looked at the last card spinning face down. “Then what do you know?”
“I know that you’re beginning to believe there is something large and mysterious that is beyond circumstance. You and Titan may have brought us into the Age of Intelligence. But your creations are no different from us. Smarter. Fater. With perfect recall and almost infinite associative abilities. But they are still fathomable. Deep in the Physics, you’re sensing that Fourth Wall, the uncanny valley to true evolution. Ah! That’s what’s more important to you than legacy….”
“Propagation of the species,” Nolen Dawn finished.
“We sense it too. It’s always been here, somewhere deep in the strands of reality. We call it the Weird.”
“We?”
“Psychics. Loons. People you don’t believe. Neuromancy.”
“And, what is Neuromancy?”
“It is varying degrees of omniPrescence. OmniScience. And omniPotence. We commune with the consciousness of the Machine.”
Nolen Dawn laughed. “Nonsense,” he said.
“What is the name of your hovercraft?”
“It’s stock. It has no name.”
Elvira touched the inner lining of the ship. A part of herself extended into the machine. She said, “Through the nano-mascular fibers, beyond the subcutaneous carapace, past the heat gel, stenciled outside on ship’s shield in camouflaged ink reads: Invictus. That’s the name of your ship.”
Nolen Dawn elevated his head and mumbled, “black-market information, ship manifests are often leaked…”
“You still don’t believe?” Elvira said.
The air grew dense.
“She tells me, you call her, the Lola Dawn.”
Air escaped Nolen Dawn. “You cannot know that,” he breathed.
“I can,” she said, “and I also know that our time is up for today.”
Nolen Dawn scowled, “you leave when I give you the permission to le—”
His auto-chauffeur interrrupted.
“Sire,” it said in a flat voice, “New Ethics has tracked us. A military symbiomech is headed for us from the Southeast. Time to target: 2 minutes. Flight ID: PPR-WNG.”
“Evade them,” Nolen Dawn commanded.
“Heading to atmospher. Converting hovercraft to ramjet.”
“Wait, you promised to drop me off when we’ve finished.”
“There’s still one more card, sweetheart.”
Elvira snapped her fingers and it flipped.
It was (considered: The Tower for drama but) Four of Cups.
