
It was on a rooftop in La Ciudad de Mexico and his first glimpse of her was silver skin; her hind exposed in a porcelin glimpse when her dress lifted as she walked away.
Bruce had donned an artificer’s mask so he could not be recognized as himself. The face he’d chosen was his favorite for hunting at nights, sharp and serpentine, highlighting the Asian side of his ancestry. The artificer’s masks as regulated by New Ethics were created from one’s own DNA; an alternative to one’s own visage, equally a defiance of fate and a will to potential. For the wealthy, it was never worn for funtion. That would be lowly and uncouth. Surgery was widely available and affordable to change one’s face. The masks were for fashion, for when one tired of the plain and haggard self in the mirror and desired a change. A unique authentification mark, mandated by New Ethics, called a chroma, sat on the forehead. However, in the low belly of the world, New Ethics agents and corporate lifters used unmarked masks about their deleterious business.
Bruce sat back on a plush velvet seat, hookah in one arm, a lustrious strawberry Redhead in the other. He inhaled deeply and exhaled a plume of citron smoke. “… and she thought I didn’t hear but I did…,” the Readhead said. Bruce nodded. He kneaded the nape of her neck. That flash of silver skin caught his eye then absorbed into the crowd.
“So what is your name?” she asked. A jade-green mark elevated her strawberry red hair. Her face was vaguely latin even though her ancestry neared North European.
“Call me Ander.”
“What do you do Ander?”
“I’m an artificer.”
“Ander the artificer… you don’t expect me to belive that.”
Bruce smiled. “I don’t expect you to belive in anything,” he said.
“What’s an artificer doing in La Ciudad?” she asked, coiling up her body. The heat of the day escaped the city at night and the air chilled. At their elevation, little winds nipped at them like appetizers while above and below greater gusts swirled, the air rounded up by the flow of carbon filtration stacks that were rising for the night. In the waning sunlight with their inverted ziggurat tops and long tethered stems, the stacks reminded Bruce of rows of black rose.
“I’m making a new visage for Marco Denari,” He said.
“Marco Denari!” she said, “the Stellar Rose is my favorte gestaltanwerk.”
“Why? What do you like about it?”
“When Sera is abandoned - that line. Makes me cry,” she said. Then her eyes glowed with a devious spark. The tilt of her head, the corners of her mouth as she grinned, these aspects turned Bruce on. “But she got revenge,” she said and continued,”
Tell me, is it true?
You had said “For Always.”
And you never lie.
So then Time
must have died? Or is it me
when had I become fetter
laugh, I gave you my all
birds of a feather, hah.
So honey,
Tell me, is it true?
that the Wilderness
is more beautiful?”
She finished.
He enjoyed her recitation. He enjoyed it a lot. In the distance, in a pane, the black roses opened up for the night. The ziggurats unstacked and from their protected pyramid center a cloud of wafers unfurled and bloomed. They blinked when energized by carbon, so the high clouds looked like a kingdom of fireflies. Above these blinking systems, the night sky was an orchestrated geometry of launches and satellites. Rockets departing and arriving to and from orbit, with capsules landing and a harmonious grid of low earth satellites rotated in a global map on the dome above.
“Mexico City is so beautiful.” She said.
They got close and kissed. (?)


