L4: Would you still do what you do if you were the last person on Earth? Would I still write stories? Who would read them? Would I still write poetry? Yes. Would I meditate? Yes. Would I do yoga? Yes. Tennis? Yes. Exercise, breath, and sweat? Yes. Program? For art. Make Art? Yes. Express the Self? Yes. Read? Yes, to pass the time.

A quiet, peaceful future where humanity is sunsetted by AI—which has become a geriatric caretaker of the species.

L5: peaceful, quiet, resigned

Story: Bilu’s last day

[Earth - 2169]


Bilu Wadhawan turned one hundred and ninety today. Once a proud lineage that numbered in the millions throughout history, now the Wadhawan name had this one, last, childless heir.
The old man groaned as his foot sank into the sand. Even with the sedatives, he could feel his body falling in on itself. It was no longer a surprise to wake up in the morning to a necrotic appendage, a purple-black thing that would become gangrene. The Miatox machine fixed that, but amputating a finger and growing it back still took two years. Bilu looked at his spotted brown hand with its two, pink, baby fingers. Who am I trying to impress anymore?
The cancers also ate away at him.
Cancer cells are mutated normal cells that had found self-perpetuation in the body. But his was different. New Ethics called it “fray,” as in, the DNA double-helix frayed apart when dividing. The telomere, a chunk of nonsense DNA that capped meaningful genetic code, shortened with each cycle. Bilu’s telomeres had ran out half a century ago and the doctors had been fastidiously creating artificial end-caps for him. The grafting process was beyond painful, making the Miatox feel like a small prick by comparison. It involved months of bone marrow transfusion to take in the newly spliced stem-cells. In his 120’s, Bilu spent five years in bed at the New Ethics LifeX Center. But despite the doctors’ best efforts, there was no cure. The only reprieve was more and more frequent transfusions. Life had simply outlived itself.
The sand sank beneath his feet. The ocean rolled. Bilu sniffed in the early morning air and relished in the
Bilu sniffed in the early morning ocean air.




