freewrite 4/6/25


I’m at the airport lounge in Mexico City waiting to go back to San Francisco. I’m exhausted. This weekend was incredibly fun. Starting on Thursday, we went out that night to a rooftop bar and got acquainted with one another (7 of us on this trip separated into college and work friends roughly). Friday, we got on to a river boat and there was a lot of drinking. Jeff yakked on the drive back to the AirBnB. Then at night we went out, went to a fine dining restaurant called Rosetta that had great tasting food; new culinary creations I’ve never tried. My main memory is of the endives. A small heart of napa prepared with 6 leaves on a bed of sauce probably cost $20+ while the cost of the goods was <$1. The premium is for the vision, display, ambiance, establishment. I had some very expensive and good napa leaves. I remember the flavor: fresh, slightly bitter, slightly sweet. After dinner we got churros and stopped by an upscale lounge for drinks. I’ve never seen this many fair skinned Mexicans before. So then, Saturday, that was an epic day. Wake and bake from the morning; we got seafood at Entremar, the food was delicious but the main didn’t overly impress me. It was good, hearty grouper fish. Then we went for a walk around the neighborhood. I got enchiladas, which I had mistaken with michaladas (a drink) on the book. There are many gorgeous women in Mexico City. After free roaming in the afternoon, we got back to the airbnb, had a chief cook us dinner, and we went went out and caught the end of a festival. The main act was Charlie XCX and she was amazing. She had immense presence; the music was hype. I almost didn’t go because my knees were swelling from walking around in the afternoon (oh yea we went to the anthropology museum). Now, everyone’s departed and we’re waiting to board to SFO.
Now… individually none of the locations were what made the trip; the trip was fun because it was an adventure with friends and the locations were stops along the way that cultivated quality time. Quality time with friends, that’s fun and recharging.
Now, I’m wondering if writing is worth it. I continued with my writing challenge, an hour a day. I wrote for an hour on the plane ride here. I got up early Friday morning and wrote a passage. I got up and conintued that passage yesterday. And today, I stared at it blankly and am now writing a diary entry because I’m too fatigued to think about the story. Maybe it’s not that important. My energy is not that high. What else would I do? I’ve left the box that seems to contain most people’s aspirations and sanity: work a good job, make money, spend it on vacation. No… I don’t think I can go back to that. What do I go to? I am tired. So I’ll not pass any judgment or make any decisions now. I have at most one more year at this - finish Hassan and move on. Why do I feel so tired? Well at the moment, it’s because I’ve had poor sleep, poor diet, am sunburnt, have end of trip blues, etc. Etc.
Well it’s my choice and I don’t have to trap myself. If I finish, I’ll feel accomplished. But mostly, I’ll feel completed and ready to move on. What’s life about? What’s the point of it? Well it’s been a lot of years and I still don’t really know. What I do know is what gets me to feel depressed. And if I avoid those things, life is pretty good. I would like to get good at something… that means I need to work at it seriously. And if it’s writing, perhaps what I need to do is to get better at it. Starting a software business at the moment seems suicidal. Well, I’m not doing that anyways. What do I feel? I feel a languid sense of purposelessness. Writing is not energezing because I’m not writing about the right things. And a girlfriend; meeting the right girl would be nice. All the guys have a partner to return to, I don’t know if that makes going home more exciting. There’s not much waiting for me at home.
What is spirituality? Anna explains it as the process of turning from Fear to Faith. I have a lot of fear right now; the economy is crashing, the future is uncertain, job prospects are slim; I have faith, just a little more faith that I’m called to do something great and I ought to answer or it’ll move on to the next host.
I’ll consider this my entry for the day. Hassan? Maybe it’s fine if the spirit moves on and finds another host for the story. Leave me alone to enjoy my life. Is anyone’s life truly enjoyable?…. 