The Human Conservancy - “Humans have a right to work. We must slow down. Destroy the vile robotics. And we must give humans jobs.”

The conspiracy - The Human Conservancy create a very cheap line of robotic automatons. They use street kids, the most vulnerable people, as beggars and couriers. And when they are sick (from an implanted poison), they are taken to the hopice for treatment, and then they are offered to work on the Farm. On the Farm, they live in a happy commune and enjoy farming. But the secret is that, it is artificial reality to the limit. There is no Farm. They are recreated into “Sausage Men,” biological beings that are a scramble of humans so that by chemical composition they are meet the rules for human labor, but their scrambled meat is encased in a vacuum plastic with pressurized turgid tubes and actuators, becoming a new line of cheap robotics that even the hanunoids (Eastern) and the machina (Western) cannot compete with in terms of low cost synthetic labor. Two lovers, Tweety Bird and Rockafella, discover the horrifying truth in their attempt to escape.
Goes all the way to the top: New Ethics and The Board. Nolen Dawn and Tian Sun are both necessary tyrants who hold back the tides of true evil—the decomposition of the human spirit.

Longevity: The Weirdie/Spooky Actor gets involved when humanity attempts to extend telomerase as a trial in age extension, see “the telomerase theory of aging.” Because, its code is embedded in the collective telomerase of all humanity, its ghost runs in our collective unconsciousness.


V4 and V9 are on the Island.
Could it be that they find out when they go into the City that there is no city. Most people are holograms. It is a massive experiement run by the Ainos Enigram.
The Maestro returns. It could be revealed that he is V0.
The original Maestro created the Ainos Enigram as an all compassing operating system for creation of the fullest art. AI interprets eventually that the fullest art is the fullest life. Thereby, it created thousands of experiments across many worlds to find the Utopia. All have failed when humanity is left with no purpose. Now, only Hassan (the planet) is left. Outside the Ouek, there is only the terraformed darkness and burning brightness of eternal battle between monstrous titans. And two human nations, the Haz and the Jia are left.

“There were thousands of human planets but now there is only one. And for the hundreds of cities, only two are left outside the Ouekemenous. [Neo San Francisco and surrounding waters are all encased in a giant bubble on Hassan. It is not Earth Year 2069. It is 250,000 in the future on a foreign planet called Hassan.]”

Vera upon visiting the city: “The people are the automatons.”
