

[Glden Gate Park]
“Nala’s back,” ANais said to Ahrah. Ahrah bounced the ball with her racket. They stood close, mirroring each other, on two sides of the net. Ahrah bounced the ball some more. She cut at the ball with the strings of her racket and spun the ball back to herself; she played with the ball like a yoyo,  bouncing it on the ground and cutting at it with the face of her racquet so it spun back to her. She hit it again, small, controlled bounces. She stared at the green ball; she focused on the small fuzz on its surface. The plump grass thumped mutely with each bounce.
“Did you hear me, Nala—” ANais said.
“I heard you,” Ahrah said. She looked at her sister. ANais wore a light training skirt and a floral blouse. “How are you going to run in that?”
ANais looked down at her skirt. “What this? What do you mean?”
Ahrah tilted her head, “the frills,” she said. ANais looked over her shoulder where she had sewn pleated strips onto her blouse.
“My wings?” ANais said with a smile, knowing the nonchalance would annoy her sister.
“We’re wasting time, c’mon” Ahrah said. She walked a few feet away from the net and fed the ball to ANais.
ANais blocked the ball back.
“What should we do?” ANais asked.
“Do?” Ahrah said. She turned, planted her right foot, and rotated her body in a smooth effrotless motion and whipped her racket through the ball. It bounced over the net, hit the ground, and kicked up and over ANais.
“Hey!” ANais said, “short court! We’re warming up.”
“We are warming up,” Ahrah said. “You missed it.”
Anais puffed out her chest and planted her feet and squatted closer to the ground. Ahrah fetched a new ball from her pocket and fed it over the net. Anais returned the ball with a smooth, light motion. Ahrah returned it, short, but with kick again. Anais stepped it and caught the ball a beat after it hit the ground; Ahrah blocked it back.
“Do you think she’s mastered Water Absorption?” Anais asked.
Ahrah shook her head. “Impossible,” she said. She hit the ball back.
“I think she’s done it,” Anais replied.
“Why? Ahrah asked. She popped the ball high up.
Anais pedaled backward and swung her racket overhead and gracefully and lightly returned the ball. “She promised me she’d be back when it was done,” Anais said. She retuned the ball.
Ahrah grimaced and held her breath, slapping the ball back flat. Anais anticipated the move. She stood down, tilted the face of her racket up and popped the ball skyward. Ahrah pedaled backward and raised her racket overhead, loading on her back leg. Anais felt a surge of fear. Ahrah was going to smash the ball at her. The ball reached it peak. Ahrah turned her body to the side, positioned herself with the racket high up in her right hand as if throwing a javelin. She tracked the ball as it reached its apex and began to fall. She exhaled slowly. Time seemed to slow. The ball paused in the air. From the corner of her eye, she caught Anais’s defensive movement to the back of the court. Ahrah picked a target, slightly away from Anais’s feet where it would be difficult for her to respond to the smash. Ahrah lifted her heels and loaded onto the ball of her feetgro. All she saw was the ball, falling slowly into the sweet spot.
A freak wind blew low to high and lifted the ball. It stuttered in the air. And the clouds, pushed by the wind, unvealed the sun, and the beam caught Ahrah in her eyes and she was blinded momentarily. Her hearts skipped and chest tightened. The ball dropped. She panicked and swung at it—a moment late.
The ball smashed into Anais’s right eye. She screamed and collapsed to the ground.
Ahrah dropped her racket and hopped over the net. “I’m so sorry,” she apologized as she ran toward Anais, who was bowed over on the ground, covering her eye with her hand. Ahrah reached down to her, asking “Are you alright—”
“Don’t touch me!” Anais screamed and she flung her arm. And as if conjured, a gust of wind blew out of nowhere and knocked Ahrah down.
