“Yes—I’m your Replace-maton. I have come to take over your job,” the young man said at the door. His chiseled cheeks, frost-tipped black hair, and slack tan suit belied a sense of being intensely present yet very lost at the same time. His eyes didn’t blink.
“Jesus, how new are you?” Marcos di Assis De Anza grumbled, tightening his green corduroy bathrobe. “You still smell like godamn milk,” he said, covering his nose.
“Eighteen hours and six minutes,” the young man said.
“… seven minutes.”
Marcos sighed. He dropped his shoulders and scratched his head, and in doing so, his stomach pouch popped out the front of his robe. He quickly covered himself up.
“Jesus. I never thought I’d meet someone who was literally born yesterday,” he said.
The young man didn’t seem to hear him. He cranned his neck and looked around the rafters in the awning above the door.
 “What’d you say your name was?” Marcos asked.
“I didn’t say,” the young man said, still looking up. In a corner where two beams met, a family of spiders had settled and were hauling in a net of flies.
“My model is in the V9 line.”
Marcos smacked his lips as he mulled over the words.
“V9 it is,” Marcos said. Then his face lit up briefly as a personal joke took hold. “On second thought… maybe I’ll call you Valentine. You look the part. Well? What are you waiting for? Come in—You’re just getting wet out there.” He stepped aside, revealing a converted garage. The concrete driveway slopped down, leading to a narrow, unlit hallway and a set of elegant, steel staircase beside. The young man stepped in with the momentum of someone falling.
“Whoa! Careful there,” Marcos said.
Once again, the young man seemed not to hear. He gazed around with a child’s wide-eyed grin. The driveway walls, remodeled in acid-etched bronze sheets now dulled to an emerald patina by time, bloomed with birds, bees, and flowers—the resplendent vision of a garden swollen at the peak of pregnancy.
“This is your art?” the young man asked.
Marcos scoffed.
“It is a grotesque,” he said. The old man poked his head outside the door. Morning surf broke against the island’s seawall and waves of smashed water flew up in mists. Marcos wiped the salt spray from his face, scanned the empty road—no Delivery-maton yet—and shut the door with a soft click.