I can get good at the craft of writing; and write in different states.

Such as High—but I am competent at writing; I am consistent; I have energy. Rigor. There is Passion and Compassion, as well as Gratitude, Humility, Peace—answering my Duty, finding my Calling.
—Hyfe, Prince Khanate of Aravata, in the Haz Empire; Proprietor of the Winter Palace.

Smoking weed is good. In moderation.

I’ve put a time lock on the weed; with a post-it. Deleted Uber. Problem solved.

I won’t over-eat. And I won’t get burned out smoking.

Now I can be creative.

Combine The Queen of Wands (Creativity) with The Queen of Swords (Intelligence) yields great results.

I am a telepath; But I have to use my hands to control technology. I am a compumancer; use a computer to control technology.

Using my hands. Cartomancer; uses cards.

Neuromancer uses their minds to control Technology.

“Talk to Grok” — a universal servant.

Obviously each Neuromancer would have a machine pet; A Zoid. Azoid;

Spirit Animal; Velvet Panther - Annie

Dragons;

Tigers;

Metal Dragon & Velvet Panther

A pair of Ravens; “But you forgot about my other dragon.” The raven can revive each other, as long as one is alive.

As the Coyote tore the Raven to threads, the Coyote Owner sneared, but Moglu sneared bigger and said, “But you forgot about my other Raven, asshole.” And the other Raven appeared out of the Ether behind the coyot and peaked him to death.
After, the living Raven revived the dead one. They live as long as one is alive. Each one is incentivized to sacrifice itself to save the other.

Metal Dragon: Special Ability—Control others. Plasma Beam.

Dragons are also called Hypervisors and control the Operating System of Hassan.

Why pankration? Because of the Hyper Shield. The sumoner has to be somewhere. The shield only allows organic material to pass; So the summoners battle in org suits and fight hand-to-hand.

Organic super suits. “And all his jewelry vaporized.”

“Neon Rain” - Name of Hyfe’s dragon.

 Pace gives up on humanity; the cowardice that doomed Earth: “What am I to do? I’m just a modern man making a living? If it’s gone, how am I to live?”

His girlfriend cheats on him with a robot. His buddy “Barry” the robot. “Hey bro I’m sorry,” said Barry the Robot with a glistening bronze six-pack that dove-tailed into a finer taper downward. All this on a metal-chrome and olive-bronze finished skin.

CTHD notes:

The cannot reach enlightenment because of guilt for past deeds left unfinished. Unavenged parents and master.

Setting is a character. Hassan is a character; research and build Hassan as a character, not just a location.

Certain weapons are also coded to pass through the shield.

The buildings are made from the material of the land.

Switching between Earth and Hassan; Which is real? A game with mecha zoids on Earth. Myths of a dead planet that’s blue on Hassan.
ANAIS — A Neural Artificial Intelligence System.














