[I only want to freewrite]
[Edit chunks for fun]

Is she not interested or is she really good at the playing the waiting game?

[From X: if a man is not interested in the beginning; he won’t. A woman can be friends and learn to like a guy.]

I respect the game.
[Delivered] daf

“Weet grass.”
Hassan => Epic, sweeping red desert with weet grass growing out of it, like little thistles

“Just talking” video with Nora Boxer. “Conversation is more important than ever.”


Epic sand dunes and small, yellow [your mind won’t break, use your imagination; let go]

Ask why

The list of all the teachers

Culture: In Hassan, each Master leads his/her students in giving alms to all their past masters.
[If you choose a master, you’re a student. But if you don’t, you’re a slave.]

A master does not need to accept a student.
A student must surpass a test—a “buy in”—to become student.

The Master will only guide the student a part of the way; “Show you how to walk the maze.”

Aharah; after rock; maze; eventually, climbing mountain of shadows.

This shadows the Dhukkha of the Buddha’s life.

Be here now.

Is a mantra.

I fed the bee with the potato.

Dewd.

Memories are the past. Be here now.
But for writers, it’s Money.

Future too.

Love is the Answer and the Question.

What is Love?
Who is Love?
Who will love me?
Why is Love the way it is?
When is Love?
And why?
Why Love?

The [God please protect me and my family whilst I finish Hassan]

Family.
Love is Family.
Family is Love.

Love Thyself First.
So you can truly love others.

If you do not clear up yourself
You become other people’s baggage
Capiche?

Learn how to market my friend’s skills that other people will pay for.

“You don’t work for no pimp”

The Elephant Wrestler


I am a self-made Man. ANd that is important.
And not. But for my self confidence
A lot of it is survivors’ guilt

There is also thriver’s guilt
Amen

I am thriving.
Hassan is growing
Not “INSIDE ME” but
As a “PACT BETWEEN ME AND GOD”

I thank God everyday.
And as Adam said, “please give me a wife; strong, loyal, beautiful and kind; and heirs to carry on my work in a good way. A man.”

Kai you can do it.


[Trinity?]

Watch the matrix again. You’ll see it.

What?

The thing you’re looking for.

“They are using the directtv dishes to control the people…” The collective unconscious broadcast as radio and television waves enhanced by 5+G.

Be my own reality.
Understand the Material and the Mind.
Surf on the ocean of sand
The silicon of my mind

For Chalie Kirk
We need to have conversations.

I will get shot in the left shoulder in about 8 years because I’ll be speaking at a massive event dressed in a blue suit, white shirt, and black tie; patent leather shoes. I survive and thrive. And I can also avoid it; there is one way; kinda difficult but deserved.

Wear a bullet proof vest over the left shoulder and palling guards over the neck and collar.

Now I will surivie and thrive. Thanks past me. Bye.


12 Monaks

A large horse combined with a large camel that runs on four long camel-like legs but with the gait of a full-blown race horse. A heavy hind and powerful thighs push back-legs into the hard clay of the desert and the creature, a Monak, leaps into the air. It lands like a hound and galoops again.

Twelve of these carried the Princess of JIA.

Ve

Evie

Hassan is about the loss of the ego. Egolessness.

Anata.

Anais => Anata; Egolessness

Aharah =. Aharaha =. “Day after day” in Pali

Nala = Tiger

Build ego. Destroy ego. Endless cycle. I’m happy to be here. I’m here every weeknight. Monday to Sunday except for Christmas and holidays. Spiritual holidays. Most days.

THank you>

Give me Enlightenment

Falling Leaf. Twin Blader.

Prince of Nightmares, force blader.

Nubsy and Gutsy; warriors; Dark Rebirth fb=>wa

Wintermoon and devoted husband; twin wizards.

Stop US CHINA WAR WITH HASSAN. DEPLOY STORY WEAPON IN EYEAR 2027 USING AGENT KAI JACK DENG THE ONE
SEASON.

Predecessor: Steve Jobs

THIS IS GOD IN
The Buddha’s Words

Us and China are headed for War
Stop that with Elephant item
Belonging to the Great Victor
And you will have your woman item
Says God

They have the 6 weapons and the 8 mantras. There are two magic schools with four different opinions on how to manipulate reality and what it is. Imagination is at play at the core of it. And the creation of real tangible materials that can do work.

Study:
[Connect to the nural net]
The Asia Series - On CHina, Destined for War, How Asia Works

US-CH war education: IT ends everything.

Agent Ki Kideng prevent it. Kai Yuan Deng. Kiki.

Code name: Silver Fox
Was warrior healer couple in Hassan based on cabal.

Metal Fox

Male based on small hair on Lester Martinez

View pentacle: Make apartment more beautiful. Watch life and use it for story. The jaob of a story-writer is infinite freedom to learn and be in the experience. Write about warriors, be a warrior. Read art and write art.

A story is: I wonder what’s going to happen.

I wonder what’s going to happen tonight.

I enter the Matrix.

“Just move to the side, to the side. THen you’ll be able to get him.” Coach to Player.

Jiu Jitsu is superior. Survive boxing range; Learn muay thai. Grapple. Clench. Throw or take down. Mount and side control. Move to back. Rear naked choke. Rinse and repeat.

My jiujitsu map:
Takedown > side control > back > rnc

A prison for your mind
THis can’t be
Be what? Real?







