
Genius idea:

Absortion on Hassan: Visual deep learning features in reverse order; Image to corners to deep diffusion; Catch: No mastery, breaks your mind because you cannot reshape reality into that state; and if you cannot do that for too long you “get lost.”


Reverse order: CNNs start w 1) edges and corners 3) textures and shapes and patterns 4) full face and objects;

Things dissolve; then into textures; then into edges and corners (pure geometry); diffused chaos (no anchor)

Meaning dissolves
1) tunnel
2) face blindness
3) motion heightens
4) sees lines and corners (perfect geometry)
5) sees pixels and washout (small areas to manipulate)
6) pure diffused noise (reshape or madness)

The Sergeant lit a match.
“Yall know this story?” He said, “Once there was a handsome and useful being who lived alone in the forest whilst his Creator resided in a plane above. The being, let us call him, Day, was useful and productive whilst the Sun was out, but at night he became lonely. His Creator, seeing this, pitied him and created Night. And thus Day and Night were inseparable.”
The platoon shuffled around in the wet and the dark.
“What they didn’t tell you,” he said, “—is one day, Day caught Night in bed with Afternoon.”
The men snickered.
“And...and so Day got with Evening.”
They laughed.
“But Evening was getting it on with Morning and Dawn.”
They bowled over with laughter.
“Sometimes, their husbands watched.”
And they all rolled in the trench, in the mud, hollering—happy as campers.
Above, the bubble shield held; it popped like fireworks on a prismatic dome while gigawatt laser-rounds showered them.
“If the shield broke, we’d melt faster than butter on biscuit;” the Sergeant thought. “But she’ll hold. We can laugh tonight.”
And they did.

Eventhough Neo was above the laws of the Matrix, he only fought. He did not create more in the matrix. Hassan builds on this by creating via perception (shown as transition from meaningful world to diffusion)

Use The Sphere and Stanislaw’s Solaris; They are “pre-drafts” that are pristine from which I can build and show homage.
Importantly for craft; they are finished and I build toward their quality and improve on weakness.

The Mind of the Haz King created the Reality Probability Manipulator.

Dust is nanomachines: arranged atoms or molecules acting as mechanical components








