Key Insight: AI and Human find God together.

L4 - Human and Ai join together to find God.

Change Lyonessa to Lyonesse—or get rid of it.

Get rid of it.

If it doesn’t work; get rid of it. Too much is a problem too. The context is exponential to the plot that can be fitted in.

Get rid of Lyonessa concept for now.


L4 edits:

Why is Aharah home? [I have never done this sort of plo editing before]

Aharah is home because of the vision.
She has the duty of the Lyonessa.
She punched through a rock in the desert.
The Haz are closing in
The beetles are toxic in the winter.
There are too many things.

The duties of the Lyonessa seems unclear
She could just have an episode and go into the desert
	But then would she go as far as breaking the rock?

So there is a search for the Tagata — but if it is so important,
Then why is she home? “Sometimes the journey is backtracks but no progress is lost.”

If she remained in the desert, there is not enough clarity on her motivation. What would compel one to go through such hard trials in the desert. So then, could this be what drives her into the desert? The trouble at home? But would a search for a “mythical enlightened one” be urgent enough in this scenario? Things don’t add up.

Simplify—
Aharah did not go home. Anais dreamt it all up. Anais was Aharah.

Aharah is still in the desert.
She resisted the vision to go home and she must carry the message for reinforcements to the Haz before the Winter.

This seems compelling: A messenger must get to a destination before the time runs out, otherwise her home will be destroyed.

The training scene seems legendary but should come later. The beginning is too busy. Let the world and the reader breathe.

Right now, Aharah is contending to be the messenger. And does it make more sense that Aharah takes on the role of the messenger because Nala has lost an arm? Then Anais is still the seer in the family. For simplicity, they are all related. Nnenna is the eldest. Followed by Aharah, then Anaïs.

Devil/Angel’s Advocate: What if this current level of hecticness is good and correct? What if a cleaned up copy is more generic? 

Nnenna: Eldest — the pragmatic, rooted figure. Represents the past and tradition.
Aharah: Middle — the warrior and messenger. Represents action, moral test, living myth.
Anaïs: Youngest — the seer, dreamer. Represents prophecy, faith, imagination.


L4: Rewrite from now. Aharah is on a mission to get reinforcement from the Haz.

On Earth, the “maker” offers Ai to discover God together.