Receive

All beings are affected by the environment

Black ants turn translucent in sunlight.

Ants leave the kitchen when it is clean and the food is gone.

“You must be a real misoginist to want that [a completely ecological planet optimized for “wildlife”]”

There is only Life. There is no social life. Societ. “Wild life.”

There is only the Apex life and its philosophies [ways of living, code of Life]

The apex life right now on Earth are humans.

They are not that strong but have the ability to heal. If the healing is right, they become stronger. But the more difficult the gain in strength, the more daunting the process to heal.

:Her shade goes deeper the more she kills it with violence. It responds with the energy it is given.

“The darkness in woman is controlled with light.”

Love with fierce compassion like a bullfighter.

Dont edit yourself. Practice misspellings.

Do what you wanted and enjoy it. Love.

Let it happen—spill yourself to the truth and love it.

Cyberpunk is — cop and corporate espionage gone wrong. It is rightist-fear fiction.

Post Cyberpunk is — rightest and leftist extremes in science and technology and how it fucks up life.

Why do some people take office? There must be a cost.

Why would someone dedicate ALL of their time to a job? Is “POWER” merely enough? Do people merely “fall into it?”

These are the questions that Hassan will answer and answer well. Swell is the water in the well if it is deep and clear.

What if “Ecology” becomes the optimization? Hassan will become optimized as a planet for: Data, Memory, and Compute, with “animals.”

What if Jane Goodall’s ideas are also taken to the extreme?

Mega Fauna on Hassan.

Here is what God is helping us with, anarrative so complex and intuitive that it weaves together all the disparate stories and we are the author. Call “me” Kai.

Kami Kai.

Have some fun too. But my idea of fun has changed and it is about beating off the dragon and killing the devil in side myself.

I am the white tiger and the black dragon.

Temperance is the stroke of genius.

“Smoke weed sometimes and see the Light. Write it down and do it right and be rewarded the kingdom of Heaven on earth. At least for a while.”

Temprance is genius.

“I am a genius. I hate to admit it.”

Hassan:

Extreme climate.
Beautiful tropics and forests.
Mega Fauna with hyper intelligence and control of matter exist to compete with “Man.”

The ecologists won. So did the computer scientists. In this world of both extremist policies are taken to their eventual conclusion, what could be witnessed? That is the question and I am the guide toward the answer. I am the “sun.”

Humans split the Sun to generate more energy at the behest of the machines who knew the humans would not survive the transformation.

But, “these with insight,” showed humanity how to evolve and compete in this ecological age.

Humans are enslaved in small packs by dinosaurs, apes, lions, elephants, and especially elephants.

Warrior Elephants dominate the planet; Along with Gorillas, Hyenas, Lions, Tigers, and Snakes.

A martial art trains WITH pain. The martial art is what to do to prevent that and strengthen toward it.

Become truely strong, not just look it or bend it.

Two modes of suriving: Defensive and Offensive.

Defense: Become one with the environment. For too long with bad environment no longer human. “i.e. Fish men became one with the ocean.”

Offense: Attack anything that’s not yours. Keep purity.

A third; Adaptive: Only get what is useful.
“That’s a slippery slope.”
“True. But it give you a chance to get better. Static is death in the environment; everything changes.”

That is why the adaptive need a guide for what is “Good.”

“Forgive women.” Forgive men.

I promise to use my gifts to bring understanding.

I will practice radical compassion and love.

Play Final Fantasy X and make it loving for the world to be in. A world of plenty.

Before humanity destroys itself through the best and worst of intentions.

