Dramatic reveal of Chimera.

Watch: MI2; Starship Troopers (for school training to fight what they’re not ready for)

“No, no I don’t dread for this lifetime. I think I will have a rather good life actually. No — I dread…” looks over “Have you felt a Fate so large and terrible… that even as it’s in the future you feel you hurtle toward it?” She pauses, looks away, “I dread for the livetimes to come until that destiny finds me; at least, that’s how I see it; and how I feel.”

A Djinn comes out of the Crater; It is a creature, one of the ultimate fear; that it replaces the victim and seeks out to end their family by impersonating the victim.??? The chimera reflects worst fears.

Human Beings becoming food.

Rape; Abuse; Maiming; Watching family being tortured; Loved ones taken; raped; maimed;

But what could be even more terrifying as a fate?

You DON”T KNOW you have been taken by the Thing.

Anais is a djinn? Nala? Aharah? Taken over and without knowing it until the 2/3 arc?

Anais did not meet her djinn. And when they reached the top of the mountain, Baltazar stood before the other children, Anais’s sisters, guarding them. “Move back,” Baltazar said with a fierce face and foreceful command; “But I’m Anais,” she said, her hands covering her face, and even as she looked down, her body had reacted to protect her; the real owner of the body, that thing, pulled her torso into two; Anais screamed as her body became like a centipede.


Consider POV; maybe told from the parasite’s perspective;

“You are so annoying. Stop looking at me in class.” Ahrah said to Anais.
“What,” Anais said, “I never…”
“Every time I check in the mirror, I see you looking at me.”
“But hey wait, that means you’re looking at me too.”
“Because I feel you looking at me!” Ahrah threw up her hands and walked away. “I can’t keep my balance this way!”

Jedi
Magi
Mejai

Neuromancers
Neuropaths - They can feel another person’s Ego; as a living life force with its own sentience.

“Virtualization” - every physical matter is replaced by sentient nanite; on such scale nanites use receivers for command so they don’t “think on chip”; thus, those who tap into this “Virtualization Wifi Layer” can control the elements because every atom of Hassan has been virtualized over a thousand and one years except for organic matter; Organic matter that enter the “Crater” have a chance to become virtualized “part of the DNA of this place” and granted a promise.

These people who have been “virtualized” are called “djinns—made of fire; smoke; and sand.” Djinn: Etymology - jann; Arabic, meaning to “hide or adapt”

Genie is a good djinn.


“What if I’m lost in a forest?” Hyfe asked his mother.
“Stand still,” the Lady Sephine said, “the trees before you and the bushes around you are not lost. Listen—to the trees breathing and your exchange of air. The forest knows where you are. You must let it find you.”

