You must decide for yourself and follow God.

Is this me or planted?

The replication sim lets user live with their origins and pick up their habits on the scale of days to years.

“Open to work.” “Closed to work.” And, “Gooning Off.”

Hassan speech:

“Hassan nek kha ma, adhi, than na; metta upekkha, sala.” Man crosses his arms, bows, and makes his way to the exit.

“Hiasu; Mia fauna”

Times in Hassan marked by: Zi, Chou, Yin, Mao, Chen, Si, Wu, Wei, Shen, Yu, Xu, Hai; The sun is divided into these names.

Sun rises at Mao. Man eats at Shen, and the sun sinks at Yu;

Hai is the hour of sleep; “Hiasu” is “Rest well” or literally, “[a wish for] a softening to the hour of sleep.”
“Su” means - to wish; to desire into being

“Hai-su” is spoken as “Hia-su”; Vowels can be inverted for better sound in the language.

“It was a bright cold day in April, and the clcoks were striking thirteen.” From 1984.

“Along the west coast of Scotland lies a chain of islands of such beauty and grandeur even the most ardent romantic is hard-pressed to describe their majesty. Curving bays of glistening white sand and glittering seas of every hue vie to catch one’s breath while jagged, spray-strewn skerries and sheer, impossibly steep cliffs compete with gentle, grass-grown dunes and long-tumbled ruins to stir the soul.”

Wow. From “A Highlander’s Temptation.”

When Man discovered Fire, he was able to use Energy outside himself, and his energy allowed him to eat previously undigestable food; keep warm; and fend off dangerous animals.

2 scenes a week:

1) Hassan — Nala’s homecoming; The coming of the tournament; The shield that blocks inorganics and energy; The coming of a storm; The Elephant Wrester; 3 Ippons to triple an elephant; Outter Hip Throw, to off-balance; Inward Trip; Load and Supplex; on a fully enraged female matriarch elephant.

2) Earth — The replication simulations; The coming of a storm; A wild night on Marcos De Anza’s rooftop balcony overlooking the city; A joke — Teasing an AI therapist that the patient himself may not be real. Emergeance of a “Immortal Stem Cell” for tissue regeneration. Discovered in the Earth population of a single woman; Experimented and scaled on Mars. Censure of the word God; A machine prophet is forming; Cyber attacks and an city-wide blackout





