How the terraformer works:

Within impact into a planet
The terraformer buries itself deep within
The planet’s core
And over time (could be millenia)
Changes the planet’s magnetosphere
To produce atmosphere
For the sustaining of life
On an alien planet.

While atmosphere is being achieved,
Ongoing research and development
Is conducted by the chief exploration AI
Part of the Primary Directive: To disover new planets suitable for human colonization
Into the nature of the planet
And the planet over time is consumed
By the technology of the Terraformer
And is converted as much into material—
Matter for construction—
As possible; Thus, when the planet
Has suitable atmosphere (breathable and healthful),
GMO Humans will be breed into New Eden;

This process is speed up by Domed Cities;
Hassan — it is necessary because of the two suns —
There’s periods of temperateness;
And periods of rivers of fire;
And ice.

There is an MMO on Earth called
Hassan—Legend of the Ages
The collective goal of the game
Is to colonize a planet and move on
9 Billion players on Earth and Mars
“It was necessary to connect the two worlds
In virtual reality. Distance and separate can make friends into enemies.”
They are currently on a planet called Hassan
In the 2069 Patch; The game’s 30th anniversay.
2039: Hassan is launched by a joint venture
Between an American and a Chinese studio
And it was an instant hit. Combining the emergent social game play
Of World of Warcrafts with realistic sim combat and 4X strategy;
Along with the story and artistic direction created by the world’s hottest artist
Marcos De Anza—

This is the beauty of the truth:
Hassan the future planet is real. It is NOT a simulation.
However; It is a world created by the AI factorium on the planet,
Which it named Hassan,
And in following its directive, the AI recreates humanity
Who had destroyed themselves on Earth,
And it creates humanity in the image of a video game
Because that’s the most complete information it had of humans
In the year 2069.

They give KIDS “reality puzzles” to sovle; little origami magnet puzzles that patterns the Visual Deep Learning steps; Picture of a forest on the outside; hues of color inside; eventually put back together into the puzzle with the forest on the outside again.

“You’re gripping it too hard. You need some looseness. Let reality fold back into itself. It has a tendency to do that. Why? We don’t know. But we do wonder, why It Is and why not It Isn’t all the time. But all you need to know is that it has that affinity, use it to your advantage.”

Big Idea: Set Hassan spiritually on Cabal Online’s maps; Port Lux; Tower of the Dead; Nation Wars; Green, Bloody Ice, Sands; The sound of dashing.




“What would you do tomorrow if you found out your life was a simulation? Would you stop going to get your morning coffee? Would you sell all your stock? I bet—you, and I, would keep doing the same thing. I might even enjoy it more.” — Marcos



“Spin some yarn” creating stories is to weave threads.

The future mmo is with rpg characters who design their own emergent movesets and all is possible within the physics system of the game.

Marcos Francisco de Asís is the creator of Hassan, the mmorpg. It is an open world game with completely emergent game play. All players in the world have a common goal of assailing the Crater, defeating the demon king guarding the impact point, and activating the “Heart of the Planet” Ship to continue on. All players are free to live out their lives, and many have stopped playing the main objective. Meanwhile, great nations and guilds continue with the ultimate goal. At the time, there are two nations, the Jia and the Haz, who are left as viable powers. The Nama forest covers northern border, beyond which is tundra. The game has a protagonist director AI and an antagonist director AI.

It is completely emergent. Simulation level; with different magic and technology. Same physics as Earth.


An interview in the Paris Review with the creator of the massively succesful online role-playing game, Hassan. As of today, over 8 Billion people have active accounts. More business is transacted in the virtual world of Hassan in a single minute than an entire year on the old internet systems.
The interviewer spent a pleasant day with Marcos on his island in the Bay of San Francisco. The day was a pleasant 70 degrees with the sun shining cool and bright. Yours truly begins, as the artist and creator of Hassan takes his coffe and drags on a cigarette.

Paris Review: How did you come up with the idea for Hassan?

Marcos: Come up?

PR: Yes, the idea for the game.

Marcos: What idea?

PR: Hassan is very striking isn’t it? Very Arabian? The colors are vibrant, red, orange, hues of yellows that few have seen before. And the battle system, quite unique; Well, first of its kind. A completely emergent combat system in which the players didn’t have fixed “moves” any more. Instead, the players can design any skill within the physics of the world. Is that correct?

Marcos: [nods his head; sips coffee;]

PR: Where did you get the imagery for Hassan? Because most players, when they talk about the game, they call it an experience.

Marcos: It is an experience. It is designed to be an experience. It is—in fact—designed to be an experience of experience.

PR: That’s quite a lot. So you’re saying Hassan was designed to teach people about experiences?

Marcos: Bah! Teach! Not teach. People learn it. They feel it. They intern it and carry it with them; and if you ask them about it, they can’t teach you. That’s experience. And that’s what they come back for.

PR: For the immersion. For the world?

Marcos: Yes, for that feeling.

PR: The feeling of being on Hassan.

Marcos: [nods]

PR: I couldn’t agree more and 8 Billion people agree with me. Now. Some people say that Hassan and Eroica Corp. The holding company — is not only a monopoly, but has extended its influences deep in the government?

Marcos: It’s true! There’s nothing like it.

PR: You’re saying you’re a monopoly?

Marcos: I’m saying people can give their money how they want. And they want to give it to be on a distant planet, in a superhuman body, with the people they love. You know how many memories are made each day? Seven trillion. Think about that.

PR: That is a lot to ponder about. So you don’t deny your involvement with the government?

Marcos: Move on! I thought this was a literature magazine.

PR: And the other thing everyone fawns over the game is the battle system. The idea of creating any skill you want as long as you’ve mastered the basics. Where’s that from?

Marcos: That sounds like life to me.

PR: And tell us a bit about how you came about this technology?

Marcos: Came about? We didn’t come about anything. It’s not salvage. We worked our asses off. Got blood on the keyboard and raw finger nails. You had to type back then! With your fingers! Now you just think it. We had to code the computer! You believe that?

PR: Code? Say more about that.

Marcos: We had to give step by step instructions to the computer about what to do.

PR: Shocking. Absolutely shocking and archaic. Imagine if you had to tell someone something so simple as exiting the door. Left foot. Right foot. Bend at knee. Every instruction? It’d be a messy.

Marcos: Damn right. That’s how you worked with machines back in the day. Then came the linguistics breakthrough. With language models, we could talk to machines. And the machines could code themselves. That’s when we had the breakthrough. See: Most games are built like mazes with set paths. They had to. The old programs had limitations and the player input was restricted. What could you do with eight buttons? You had to map only eight skills to them. But with language, now the input to the world is your word. How could the player not create? It invites it.

PR: And you seed a world for the player?

Marcos: It’s the same world. A single server sped up with quatum cores. It connects 8 Billion people across every continent. But most importantly, since we raised from the Americans, the Chinese, and the Koreans, it is the only game to cross the Chinese Firewall. So, it is also a vital piece of global stability. Of course, same applies to the 20 million players on Mars.

PR: How far are the players from beating the game?

Marcos: I’d say pretty far. Most have given up on the objective, just content living and socializing on Hassan. Who could blame them? After a day of golfing and brunching, most people like to pop into Hassan for four or five hours.

PR: What about the underserved? The people who live on subsistence BIPS without the extra income?

Marcos: Hassan is free to play for anyone, forever.

PR: But then how do you make money?

Marcos: The players pay us tax and we feed the government. This is done! Thank you next time!



Is Hassan the planet a recreation of the game, or was the game always a prophecy of the planet? The ambiguity is deliciously unsettling.
