Halloween

STOP: Stressing
All way: Go all in

I like writing; I don’t know what I like to write about in fiction just yet. And I like to write in so many different ways; grids included; maybe I just like to hear myself talk like how some people like their own farts. Nonetheless—the brain gets scrunched up and needs to be milked so writing lets some of it out.

That’s perhaps I like writing.

Weed when all chores are done and smoked for complete relaxation with the openess to gifts of productivity and inspiration is the best. Go with that. I know why I keep smoking—weed has a 1/10-1/21 chance of getting a really good high like I am getting tonight. All Hallow’s Eve be blessed. And no more mention of that none a sensation of fright as entered: But it is a sensation and only a sensation. “Fear … Fear itself.”
And assassins.

All chores done; The shower fixed and working overhead. What does that mean? It doesn’t matter just write. Let it go and stream.

So for Hassan I want to list all the major lessons I’ve learned. What better use of the material is there for that? And the journey to learn it can be fictionalized.

Also, there are some themes that ought to be compared on a grid, such as War, between Earth and Hassan. The WWIII on Earth and the WWX on Hassan both drive humanity forward in different ways. One is toward darkness and one toward enlightenment.

If we stop thinking Enlightenment is possible, it becomes impossible.

If we think it is possible and simply, the Mind goes there. The place called Nirvana.

All Nirvana is is a Mind ful place: I lie; I have not been there.

But there are moments when I am only filled with love and compassion and am also present and awake in the moment that if stretched, may well be enlightenment. That moment can last forever. I saw  dog dressed up as a bumblebee and my friend wants to dress up as a Mime. And—I saw a family dining together as the Simpsons. It is a fun holiday—I don’t know how to have fun and that’s why it hasn’t clicked with me. There is always next year. This year, I am enjoying tonight.

Actually a big lesson: Since everything is pointless, people who can get excited about anything, like “a good theme,” are actually pretty amazing. They’ve made Meaning out of Nothing. Why hate on that? No more. Radical Compassion for Everything—and examine why that is not possible.

Biggest lesson from Vipassana Onsite: How useful forgiveness is.

Biggest lesson from JiuJitsu: If a boulder rolls toward you, get out of the way.

List the lessons I’ve learned from Life:



Investing: You have to take risk on good things.

Naval: You have to separate your labor from your output for outsized returns.

Guru-ji: Metta will help you in every situation.

Vipassana: The Ego (via craving/aversion causes suffering) and the way out is through (the eight-fold path of acting rightly in morality, concentration, and right knowing (of impermanence, cause of suffering, and egoless-ness) leading to) Compassion and end of suffering.

Weed: What I enjoy is the feeling of ease. And not too much.

Sex: What’s the big deal? Best with Love and can be a spiritual experience.

Acid: There is another side to the coin. Clean yourself up.

Newfront: Starting up and working hard is fun especially early.

Scribd: Don’t be a scrub. Get really good at something.

Baggu: Aesthetics is important.

Amazon: Work for yourself.

Berkeley: There are a lot of other smart people out there. (Manage your time better)

University HS: Life can not go according to your plan. (Pick yourself up and kind of fast)

Green Valley HS: <period of relative success where no big lessons were learned; mostly worked really hard and got somewhat good grades but lost self-consciousness around this time until after college; which is a significant ten year gap; didn’t think for myself much, didn’t need to, just followed the grind. Thankfully things ended up well.>

Middle School: Life is competitive and people like to congregate in groups. <My social brain had not clicked in yet and I was not truely aware of cliques and the status system>

Elementary School: Learning is fun. Reading is magical. Making stuff is fun. (4th grade)

Pre-Elementary School: I’m surprisingly good at some stuff.

Prebirth: All is One.



A surprising moment from today: I was feeling down and clowning on myself and a voice was saying you don’t have what it takes you’re not cut out for this and I kept hearing this “You” voice and another voice boom “Shut up! Who is talking right now? You better give me some respect.” Then the doubtful voice went away. I do deserve some respect from myself, honestly. What I’m doing is really hard. 4th grade was the best grade BECAUSE I was so supportive of myself. I had all the self confidence without the Ego. I was just telling myself “you got this!” in a pokemon cartoon kind of way but that innocence is what made it egoless.

“In a woman’s fantasy, three men are hopelessly in love with her, each more dashing than the other. They are all perfect and they chase her relentlessly. In a man’s fantasy, every woman in the world wants him but he has picked and been picked by the most beautiful.”

Nolen Dawn wants to merge the two AIs. One is suited for stories; one is suited for physics. That’s the deal which needs to be made. A hostile takeover of an artificial intelligence. And the machine prophet is involved somehow.



