Notes

Approach meditation like writing, finding out the answer before I get to the page. On the page.

The writing session with Nora was motivating. I don’t want to disappoint her again but we are finding out my progress and process together. Although the progress does not seem linear, the process has evolved.

Meditate to become enlightened. Write to do the same.

Just keep at it. Write. Sit. Spend the time and work to develop skill and play.

Play at the page.

Lazy. Chill. Smart. Unemployed guy in future San Francisco. He’s working on an Opera. His name is Bruce. His friend Marco is a police officer and fixer for corporations. He lives on an island near the north bay of San Francisco with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. (Enjoy the process of writing). (What am I doing?) (I am just writing)

So then, that guy is working together… all these different texts and treatments while his friend Marco… Which guy is which? Is Bruce the Vulture or Marco?

Do I want to spend 130 minutes with Bruce? No. Marco? No. Together, yes. With Eve as well. That’s three character I’m juggling in the present timeline, one of many timelines. This is the work of a FIRST TIME AUTHOR!?! Bravo. Good job Kai. Keep going.

Im proud of you. For continuing to work on yourself and on Hassan. - 27 year old self, from 23 when I incepted Hassan…

A woman skating down a red sand dune wrapped in red standing on a golden scimitar…

Writing is like a little puzzle. It clicks into place every slowly. But Nora seems to think it is “solvable.” Because it occurred to me that many a novel doesn’t get solved. But some seem to do.

Hassan - Near future 2097 San Francisco. 200,000+ years later on the planet Hassan. The group of people on Earth? Bruce. Eve. Marco. Nole Dawn. Etc. Later on Hassan. Dhukka Khan. Hyfe. Anais. Naia. Ahrah.

Strong cast.

What connects them? Tennis. Time. Love. Humanity?

AI has dominated and persist. Of the unbranched AI, a species of androids had been left behind on Earth to assist the humans in their evolution or homeostasis. The main body AI has not been heard from. The EAI and FAI disparity came after.

So there is a 3rd, older, wiser AI out there.

What is Hassan if not Akira of the words. It is a series of future events and memorable characters. How about batman in the future? The Lyoness. Power armored vigilante of the Jia kingdom sent on secret mission into Haz to steal data and prevent rogue AI breach.

Paperwing - a hyper wing prototype meshing two AI and one human consciousness in a triad mind that operates the vehicle. The human mind is left there, its function is to produce the fear needed for the AI to co-evolve and survive against increasing challenges.


 It is the Doer of Good; Contesting the philosophical differences between Good and Evil, or Non-Good. It is not the Dreamer of Good; Therefore, there will be contrasts between different dimensions of Goodness with actuality one of them; Dreamer, Doer, Gazer, etc.

The Human-AI bodies co-evolve to have triad+ minds and bodies that share the evolutionary elite and most fit for that niche and for their size. There are larger and more powerful creatures on Hassan, namely the chimeras and offspring. But the Hassan are capable of handling the weeds until the creatures became more coordinated and convergent.

I want to do a Love Story. Why? Just to have one. DUH. Have a love story, the most epic of love stories in Hassan.

Have a teacher and mentor and student surpassing the teacher arc.

Forgiving the parents arc.

Ending on Apotheotic self and society transformation.

Have reincarnated lovers arc.

Have a heist and epic hero’s circle.

What would living “servers” look like? A living data farm. Does it float? How does it protect itself? Does it replicate? It does - is it alive? Viral? Duplicates can consume older material.

It is a 9 - 5 like any other job. I sit in my chair and work from 9 to 5 diligently and clock out. That way, my novel is surely be done or significantly on its way by the end of this year. Hassan, 3 epic arcs in one epic story threaded together by the question: What will really change?

Will we merely reinvent the drama we live in?

What will happen to our obsession with food and sex? Hassan will explore addiction heavy as I have area expertise.

Today I was going to say, only for my life, do I have the expertise.

And calling. Hassan, cannot be written by an AI - that is a waste of time right now and the too-mechanical product unless a nerd really intensely steer it for a week which does not currently have this character, cannot improve.

Bruce, Eve, and Marco - in the near future and in their version of a coffee shop, are lounging. The coffee baristas are wiping down the counter and the plates; the patrons are ordering for themselves and the robots are taking orders. “Seems like it would be the other way around,” Eve said.

Bruce looked on and agreed. (Seinfeld in space)

The weather outside is a perfect 77 degrees F. That region of the world still did not operate on Celsius. The tree was green outside with fernlike leaves that are tipped and small like tea leaves at the edge. The entire bushel of branches and limbs engulfed the scene in green; the island far away and the small bay of water in-between were clear in this early afternoon. Marco had had three shots. Eve two. Bruce was on two neutral-victuals.

Eve asked Bruce for a neutral-V; Bruce on the edge of his trip, slipping in and outside of his persona, limbs oscillating between loose as octopi and stiff as winter arthritis. “Here, in the bag,” he offered her an exposed square that had been milled to contain squares. She broke off four. Three circulated into the ring of partiers. Eve took one for herself. Bruce squatted back down then sank into the soft pillowed sofa. Eve followed him. Marco paced around the scene talking to various cleavage bearing women when he too tired and sat at a stool near the sofa, one arm rested on a nightstand so thin it almost tilted; “Sex,” Marco said, “sex.” He directed the questions at Eve who pushed them into the crowd. “Wrong guy buddy,” she said sagging into the sofa, “Call me in 40.” Bruce laid back and his and Eve’s head rested against each other as the music chewed like laffy-taffy.
Marco surveyed the scene, then looked disinterested and introverted. A woman passed by and he ignored her. She stumbled on her heels toward a group of friends and they giggled looking at him. “Is that really Marco?” They asked one another, snickering. Marco knew they were talking about him, guessing so in his head wrongly many times but correctly now, gave them his best angle. Still, he was disinterested.

“Marco, why do you not talk to those nice girls,” Eve said.

Eve would never say that. “Marco,” she said, “go fuck, over there.”

Marco followed her signal and whiffed the air like a dog and followed the scent to the group of women. He woofed and then sniffed the one whose perfume lingered. She seemed interested. He unrolled his tongue and lapped her from chest to check. He tinkled the spot behind her ear. Nibbled on the lob.

Bruce and Eve looked away as the group of five women tore into Marco and undressed him and themselves. “I hope the stars are extra bright tonight,” said one of them, never.

“Have you seen a really good sunset?” Eve asked.

“Yes, what do you mean?”

“A really good sunset.”

“Yes.”

“What did you remember about it.”

“It was quick. And sure.”

“And the colors darkened suddenly?”

“Yes.”

“Yep before, they were mixed.”

“Beautifully, and full.”

“Gorgeous.”

“Have you seen a really good sunrise?”

“Not in the same way I have a sunset.”

“Me neither.”

“Where do you think it’ll be?” Bruce asked.

“Mars,” Eve answered.

“Why? Is it real or escapism? What could be better than a prison camp working and eating the essentials in air locked space that could blow out and you’d die. It’s camping in Space. Why?”

[END FOR THE DAY 3/24/25]



[Continue 3/25/25]

Yo - continued the Dreamer becomes the Doer. As long as I’m putting It into Action, I am progressing. There’s no step back on the path of the Good only delays. And some circuitous maze and labyrinths.

“If you play, you play to win.” His father said to him. Bruce was 7 and seated in a corner chair. “Om Shree Matre Namaha,” his father breathed out, “ashama, om shree Matre Namaha.” He closed his prayers with deep exhalations.

“You must destroy the enemy completely and wholly, if you’re to war with the enemy at all.” His father also said.

As they spoke, a deadly poison passed inspection at the house of the Crane, hidden in nano capsules floating above the nerve agent’s skin. The spot of white fluff carried on the wind and passed into the ventilation of the guarded complex where it mixed with the airflow to be simultaneous in all rooms.

“And what else do I say?” The father asked Bruce.

“To keep it clean,” said Bruce.

“Keep it clean to the witness,” the father rose to one knee.

In the ventilated complex, the poison sought out the target DNA, and upon latching onto his skin, the cells turned melatonin and cancerous, this rapidly deployed throughout his body until he had a stroke. The resident family doctor rushed to the head of the clan’s quarters, but the convulsing and foaming figure had struggled its last and lay still and dead.

“Now, how did you lose your match to Ahavan this morning?” The Father asked as he rose, commanding the servants to arrange for his morning meals. “Ahavan, he has gotten stronger?”

Bruce was chagrined to admit that over the season, Ahavan had gotten his spurt and was longer and stronger than he; But the size wasn’t the issue. Ahavan had somehow discovered Bruce’s back-wing had a weakness with high bouncing balls and ripped bouncing forehands after bouncing forehands until he caught the backhand in a broken fling - then he approached and finished clean at the net. And this continued for three sets until Bruce lost.

“I suppose you could quit the game if you’d like to rest, find something easier,” his father said the words bit into him and stunned deep. Bruce knew his father’s truck; but, he navigated the path of least physical violence. His father’s outbursts could turn brutal.

“No - I will never give up father.” Bruce said. His answer automatic, in beat, but not believable yet.

“You say that, but anyone could say that,” his father went to his counter. Two cups of high rich cafes awaited him. He took one, sipped, added some cream then finished it. The man stood there a moment, enjoying the first moment of wakefulness to settle and sparkle inside of him. He opened his eyes and the world was a warmer, more welcoming shine to it. He sighed. “Damn that’s good coffee.”

“I’ll get up before dawn to practice.”

“Are you busy now?”

“I had some tentative plans,” Bruce barked out. The kids were meeting in the orchard grove behind the apartments to race.

“I guess those plans are more important that putting your words to action,” his father settled into a plush victorian wood armchair with pillow insets that firmed the seat and straightened the back. A plate had been laid out before him, as well as jams, breads, and utensils. The bread was moist and pulled apart in layers and bounced. He smacked his fingers as he ate the bread in small pieces.

Bruce turned and got his tennis gear. He meandered to the door, waited for it to open with a hiss, and with a downturned head he turned down the hallway. The kids’ voices raced past him the other way, the frolic, wild times, the sweat, the abandon. Or the tennis wall. Stark, lined, towering, and indomitable. Never moving, predictable, nullifying. He cinched his shoes, checked his gear, and started the slow rotation of warm-up exercises and hitting patterns. Right volley, right volley, left for two, then more, then backing up and hitting mid distance, full court, high lob, back court lobby, heavy back-court exchanges on both wings, sustained. That was Bruce’s night as the moon shined.



Continued... 3/26/25

Competence;

How does skill building work in the near future? Hassan?

Near Earth circa 207x-209x:


Hassan, 200K:



One scene with Bruce, Marco & or Eve

Marco said the strangest thing, “I think I’ve got it.” I look to Eve, her gaze hurried back to me after slingshotting from an eye roll.
“What have you got?” I asked him. Marco was in his elder garbs, a stylish pants and open shirt combination that was a few decades too ago and soon to be the fashion.
“My play,” he said, “Did I tell you I have been working on a play?” He asked this and I believe he was sincere from the earnest gleam in his eyes. I looked to Eve, she avoided my gaze choosing to hide in the page seven of the newest Allen, the established man - His looks, his lifestyle.
Nole Allen Dawn; NAD was the crowd’s name for him. NAD.
“What have you on about this play?”
“It will be the greatest,” Marco professed.
“And so how?”
“It will be seen through time, through space, using time and space in a telephoto lens as the past for the audience but ever our future as we see it.” Marco nodded, affirmed in his decision.
“It take you long?”
“Pardon?”
“To figure out your play?”
Marco clasped his hands together. The date. What range of dates ought he to give? It came to him suddenly. After weeks and weeks of agonizing and Hala raves to forget everything - like a weightlifter bulking and cutting, except it is the casual and degenerative self-destruction of his life and its habits. Then, does he announce the still ongoing project and dream from a decade ago? Longer? While it is still unfinished, although the end felt close, Marco had no grasp on the origin of his idea.
“My ambition,” Marco said, “is for this to be the greater most epic story in Human history.”
Eve mimed his yap with clasping hands.
“And, it is to be remembered through all time by becoming a part of the fabric of reality.”
“Our present saved on beams of information broadcasted out into Space?”
“Yes,” Marco proclaimed.
“Then what are you waiting for,” Bruce said with a straight face but Eve caught the jab and laughed.


3/28/25

	“We move about each each not as atoms to atoms but as an atom entangled to itself.”
	
	That’s poetry and quantum mechanics in one. You're describing a recursive ontology—nonduality at the atomic level. And it echoes Hyfe’s “device” insight, too: that separation is illusion, and self is layered through space and verse.


	Hassan must/will/ought/is to have an arc “coming-of-age” and; “neglectful king”; “falling empire”; contest of True, Good, Beautiful; 

	

Marco is “the Fool” of me. “I would notice a woman looking at me even if it’s a painting.” “Was that painting there a minute ago?”



