The Chaos Potion - as a weapon of last resort.

The extension of the Chakras through my body as a literal template for the metaphorical plot through the Outsidelands toward Enlightenment. Answer: It’s not necessarily in the Outsidelands.
I was working at home.
The Work is where Enlightenment is for me. In this cycle.

Why not study the bible instead of going to Church for now? Best use of time.
Duh. I’m literate. I can read the Bible. The Church used to have to give sermons to the illiterate.

Now people don’t have the time to interpret it.

People believe in Money but not fully. They believe in Destiny a little but not none.

And somewhere in between is Calling. And it is reached through the Valley of Doubt. Vallejo Street. My time there and here is to understand the craft of Writing — then wherever I am, Hassan will be done.

I’m called to write it. And Grace is not activated without Work.

Fully free Book Release over 1 year on X/Twitter. Or buy the whole book now. $39.99. The book must have a page of perfume that burns green.

The cover is of red sand dunes that touch deep blue waves. The title Hassan is spelled out in the shadow casted by the Dune onto itself. Use AI (hard last year, trivial this year) to create cover via Semantic Typography.

Use a publisher if they can satisfy my marketing deamnds for Hassan. If not, start my own to launch Hassan. Shut down after. Optional.

My Bet: AI makes art writing and story so much better. But it is a tool. Mundane work will become plethora.

Example: Hassan can be created into a movie with low-budge. Then raise funds to increase budget to generate higher fidelity for greater emotional tone.

You know… My house has the steeple shape of a church from the points of view in the backyard.

Ahrah and/or ANais (stylized to say: Ahn-Nais)

Chaos potion allows the Pain Lord to reshape the world.

“It’s small,” the Pain Lord said. “But,” he grinned and his teetch unzipped across his cheeks, “it can help me make a way.”
It’s at that moment that Ahrah fell into deep despair. What have I done, she thought, I have been a fool. I thought I could win the battle, she thought, but I did not consider the consequences if I lost. [Counter to what ANais thinks of her sister] And now… Ahrah looked around. All her vision was random noise. Static. Points. Lines. The physical world of matter had diffused away and noise is what she sees. That, and the Pain Lord smiling, standing before her. Ahrah winced, then she screamed as she clutched at her hand. The Pain Lord had diffused it away. Her wrist bleed at the stump.
“And you thought you could challenge me,” the Pain Lord said, “A Diety.” He imposed his Will onto the world around them and the world slowly returned to its form. Lines of static clumped together into blurs; blurs into shapes; it all sharpened; And where the crater had been, protected by the Valley of the Elephants, a way had been opened. Ahrah sunk down, gasping and cried. The path had made from the hides of the elephants.
“I will leave you alive,” the Pain Lord said as he rose up, and his chimera army roused, black and wide as the sea. They moved toward the way, leaving the crater for the first time in ten thousand years.


“This Alone is denied to God: the power to undo the past.” Immortals play with time in dreams and visions.

The Avatar: A character inhabited by a spirit to do good or evil. In games, the human consciousness inhabits a video game avatar to do battle and play games. In life, is it so absurd to think, higher Consciousness also descend upon us. We become the avatars for some higher game play or deed.






