Hassan…

It will become its own style when enough craft has been spent on its exploration.

What sort of future are they in? Is the plot compelling? That they are avatars of games incarnated on a distant future? Why? Because that’s how humanity spent most of its waking time at the end of the civilization. Is that true?

This writing should be like Meizner acting. A method for feeling my trueness and writing at the same time. The writing should be true moment to moment and the text will change accordingly.

If I don’t feel any emotions, then I should write without any emotions. I should examine the deadness. I am suprised that I do not feel more.

What if… on Hassan… the -mancers find the gates; the -lurgists bend matter to open the portal; Emissaries to traverse the portal; and Hassassins to follow and close it.

—Mancy is done via material. An aquamancer can see all that water can see. A geomancer can feel as the earth feels. A aeromancer can know the volume and movement of an object. And so on…
A neuromancer sees through the mind of another. A mind-reader-and-passenger. A neurolurgist shapes the mind.
—urgy is the making of something. The "urgy" comes from the Greek word ergon work. Aka. Metallurgy. Neurolurgy.
















SCENE (copied to “Kids”)

“Nala” she said. “What if you don’t have a wound anymore.”
Nala was silent for a moment and then she caught the gist in her sister’s suggestion. Nala then—for a moment—suspended the belief that her chest was open and a small hole bore through it. That it did not happen. And that, she was whole. She felt she sank in—a seating deeper from a mental place… that she had shifted onto a realm that was lighter and looser… where the rules bend and are rewritten or ignored… she looked down.
Anais was shocked. Aharaha was also shocked.
Nala looked down. And her torso was whole, unwounded. A hole resided in her battle armor, but that closed as her skin was pristine underneath. She felt where the hole had been. Just smooth svelte material; battle-tech lipo-skin and ballistic gel.
This is the power of this realm, Nala thought. The mind. And matter. They exchange freely through thought—into motion.

[What is Hassan?]
[This is a much later scene — but use everything. Use it now.]

Anais woke up. [The device used on Anais is allowed]
Where am I now? She thought. Why was Ahrah… and Nala… was someone injured? She murmured to herself. She grasped at a thought; Mind and matter exchange freely. She remembered her sister’s words from the dream—but not as words—more as sounds. Mind and matter exchange freely. Exchange freely.
The room folded back into view. Aharah distilled into being in front of Anais. She lurched to her side and vomited.
“Are you alright?” Aharah asked.
“What happened to me?” Anais said.
“You went through!” Aharah said. She was joyous. Anais was shocked. Aharah would react indifferent.
“I went through?” She said.
Aharah beamed. She nodded.
“Where…” Anais said. She looked around. She lurched forward again and threw up.
Aharah putted her on her back. “It’s okay,” she said.
I went through, Anais thought. She looked around; boxes, packed; shoes, cleanly in stacks and filled with wooden shoe-fillers. A cabinet, with rows of plastic files; a machine in the shape of a box that sat idle on top of it. Books; Many, many books all around and roses. Great hills of golden wheat and giant summers blooming large as they do in Summer. Is that a painting? It is a window, to the “outside”, she thought. Where is in?
Great pillars rose to the top of the ceiling which was very high. Great cream-colored drapes folded near the edge of a large, panoramic window bowed toward the outside. A plant, large with leaves like elephant’s ears sitting on bamboo. More books. Heavy wooden tables with repeating bars in the design.
Why are the details so pointed, Anais wondered.
“Settle,” Aharah said. She sat down next to Anais. “What do you remember?”
A gate, “A gate, made of water that rained from the sky,” Anais said, “and a convoy. Nala was riding in second, she was in chains.”
Aharah nodded. “What else?”
“What else…” Anais said. She wiped her mouth with a hankerchief handed to her by Aharah. She thanked her.
“Baltazar… Nala… Master-Sifu Oolong Dao-su… a dagger, oh a dagger!” Anais said.
“What were you able to see?” Aharah asked.
“That’s all I could see through the keyhole,” Anais said. “They didn’t open the gate. They couldn’t. The aqualist the soldiers brought wasn’t strong enough.”
“And this happens tomorrow?” Aharah asked.
Anais nodded.
“Does this make you feel strange?” Aharah asked.
Anais reacted instinctively. “No,” she said, “I sensed that Nala was coming back. I did not expect the vision to be so clear… this time.”
“Should we tell Baltazar?” Aharah said.
Anais shook her head. “No— he looked at me. He already knew.”
Aharah sighed. “Do you think we’ve lost the war?”
Anais shook her head. She did not want to contemplate the facts.
“They say she’s a deserter,” Aharah said. “That she freed a prisoner.”
Anais listened.
“I’m tired,” she answered, “let what happens tomorrow happen and we’ll…” she didn’t know how to finish.
Aharah scoffed. “Good plan,” she said. They went to sleep.

The soldiers closed in Nala and marched her forward.
Anais knew this moment. She had seen so clearly; eventhough her aquamancery had left her sick overnight. How strange to be back again, she thought. And how strange and accurate this dream had prepared… me, she thought. How gradiose of me to think a dream could speak to me—yet, this moment is truely happening.
“Stop,” Baltazar said. They stopped. “She is still a princess of the Jian, after all. Show her the proper dignity.”
The guards made space and waited for Nala to walk first. Then they followed her in formation. Baltazar turned and mounted his great steed. He looked even larger on a horse like a great mountain. “Stonewall,” they had called him, Anais thought. I’m no longer surprised. Aharah edged up closer and tapped her on her shoulder. Anais looked over.
We should leave, Aharah mouthed silently.
Anais nodded and they turned and slunk away with Aharah in the lead.

“When are you going to see her?” Aharah asked.
“Why me?” Anais said, “Why only me—I meant to say.”
They were in their room. The moons were out. Anais leaned over from her dresser mirror and counted. Three moons. I wonder if Nala had a clearer view of the moons at Uggostal. The ocean is flatter than the mountain after all. Anais thought. “What a strange thing to think”, she further murmured to herself.
“She left us here—with Baltazar,” Aharah said. Her voice was even and calm, like the ocean’s surface on a cloudless moon-lit night. And, like the ocean, energy tumbled beneath the surface. She took her blade down and sat by the window. She took the blade out of the sheath and oiled the edge with a rag. She fetched a stone from a pouch near the scabbard and sharpened the blade.
“Show-off,” Anais said, shaking her head. She loosened her hair, and pull it up, hair bands still in her hand. She turned in the mirror and tried tying the hair different ways. “Is this too much?” Anais asked loudly.
“You’re trying too hard,” Aharah said.
Anais looked at Aharah sitting by the window. The blackness of the forest looked back. Guard lanterns shined like single fireflies. She shook her head. How am I to react? She thought; I’ve never learned how to greet a lost family member. Should I show gravity? Or should I be emotional? Do I need to cry? “Should I cry?” Anais asked Aharah.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Aharah replied. She put the blade back into its sheathe and set it by her feet. She curled up, hands over her knees. The wind blew in from the window. “Ought we dim our light? Anyone can see us out there.”
Anais shook her head. She flipped the dresser mirror; it turned on its stile. “Does it look like there’s anyone out there?”
Aharah sighed. “What are we doing here?”
“What do you mean?” Anais said, “What do you mean, tonight,” she said with a joke. Alom—could I not even joke tonight?
“Should we go see her now?” Aharah said. “What are we waiting for?”
Anais felt her back tighten. Her blood felt cold for a moment. “Tonight? Now?” She said.
“Now,” Aharah said, rising up slightly. Her back straightened and blocked Anais’s view of the window. She looked like a shadow puppet framed against the black canvas outside. Anais went to their lamp and carefully with a hand, waved in a circle around the light. It dimmed. Anais blew at it and the light turned a degree warmer in tone. She walked from the lamp to her bed and sat down with a thump.
Anais sighed. Aharah waited in the dimmer darkness. She looked outside. They fixed the tiles. And we haven’t received our punishedment. Yet.
“Do you think we’re losing the war?” Aharah asked.
“Don’t talk like that,” Anais said. “We can’t lose the war. We can’t be losing the war.”
“Do you think Nala really deserted?” Aharah said.
“Nala wouldn’t,” Anais said, sitting back and lying on her bed.
“That’s what they say,” Aharah said.
“What they say… “ Anais said. They only gossip, Anais wanted to say, they only focus on the petty things… on their minor podiums… Anais remembered that phrase, their minor podiums, Nala had told her when she left. On the pier of that lake. You have the potential to be great.
And Anais, had not said anything in the moment, and having had many moments to reflect on that moment, had this growing realization. I do. She thought. And this admission changed in the last few years as she aged. Once, it felt as certain and warm with applause. Now, it felt cold and gloating. Anais sighed. It rang out louder in the dimness of their bedroom.
“What are you thinking about?” Aharah asked.
“Nala…” Anais said, closing her eyes to rest. “I forget…” she yawned. Her words trailed off and could not be heard.
Typical, Aharah thought. She would fall alseep—How could she fall asleep. Aharah sighed. She tucked back into a ball with her hands around her knees. She turned to the light and waved it off with a swing of her arm. The room was dark now and the three moons painted a silver scene of the palatial park, the trees tipped in silver, the lake, the polished pebble paths; the pond and the koi. The wall wrapped around to the guard tower, and the bottom of the spire is thirty feet in diameter, the door next to it is bolted shut from the inside, the guards come every three hours and they exchange at the bottom of the steps, it is thirty minutes to sprint across the courtyard, and a leap, careful of the landing, they had fixed the tiles, hard drop on the otherside. It’s a ten second sprint passed the tower guards and into the forest. The wooded path ends within fifty paces and the stream guides down a ravine. The sides are walkable, careful of the mud…
Aharah slopped against the wall and feel asleep.  Her head rested on her shoulder and on the windowsill. The wind blew on her hair gently.