I’m too intense and that can unsettle people. And they’re unsettled partly because they think they should be putting in more effort into something.

Everyone wants to play.

Apollyon:

Witnessed a lion die in a forest. Then a pack of lecherous hogs took over and ate all the rabbits he had befriended.

He had a dog and it was a stray and after a year of raising it, the dog bit Apollyon when he reached for a toy over the dog’s treat.

“Never outshine the Master” conflicts with “Kill the Master” in Martial Arts.
Apollyon hence forth will be known as Lyon.

Nala will be Lyoness.

Boom.

Nala is returning from war. A campaign on the Eastern front against mutated beasts that come from the ocean.

When writing, I should brainstorm and write exposition. Plotting. Then write the narrative for the plot in the best way to tell the story and interest the reader.

A SCENE FROM HASSAN: Two hassassins talking

A man leaning against a tree in the shadows,
Arms and legs crossed, sword at his side, masked, with ninja tights; glowing goggles; with swagger greets:

Na heem nama ha.

Another man appears out of thin air; flickers into existence. Similarly shadowed and armed. With a joking laughter he answers and greets:

Lo ding! Que quan lo do pujatinkalo pada pa.

A: more serious
Nai Nai. Coco, coco eh uh ahh ahh. Hey sey Konqi, lo Two [raises two fingers]; Dhukkha Khan.

B: immediately
Tamisay. Que Dhukkha Khan esie. Hazza. Hala quo qu. Nonay woo suey. Cuei??

A: with some intelligent glare and smoldering; narrows his eyes:

Wea. Wea, noo nusa. Nusa sssa queHrr. Quenn Quoun - Kang Kang. Uah eh: dangkhang, Hassan.

B: scuffs and curses.
Ta ma da. Vermilia. — Privia?

A:
Privia. Lyonessa di Jia ea Nala: dang kang. Sehesa — Shesae. HuhrRr; Queeece. [Crosses throat in two strokes] Me-i.

B: nods
Hiasu mia fauna.

A: hand over chest
Hiasu, mias fauna.

B:
“In the making of the Lord:”

A:
“Dhukkha Khan.”

They vanish.


The Jia and Shakyan practice calligraphy. What about the Haz? “Calligraphy is like fencing. You write my name like a sword.”


Above the temple it read: “Temet Nosce” — Know Yourself.
Sephine goes to see the Oracle.
“One of your sons will die; Which one, is up to you.”

“That’s weird,” === “Whoa, deja vu.”
“I was thinking it and it happened.”
“Did it happen because you were thinking it?”
Stumped. “I don’t know — I was thinking about a bird and one flew overhead.”
“It means a Djinn is near.”
“What’s a Djinn?”
“A reality warper.”

“IS THIS WHAT YOU CALL FREE?” —said on discovering the truth of the sausage bodies







