Free write with an album. Ways to help me write. Start writing like how I start at the gym, with a brisk fifteen minute walk. Go go go. Don’t over think, just do. And do spell some words right, that’s a portion of the fun. Wink.

Why turn writing into such a chore? And, the writing is done in the Writing. It is not done by conception of thought along, such as—and once again—the gym; I cannot get stronger and more ripped by planning on my google calendar how much training I’ll do. I only get results by going into the gym. However, it becomes part of the process to plan: Monday—legs, push, today, rehab; Tuesday—Pulling or Pushing upper body (lazy; like pulling, but lack pursuit; not energetic about pushing; push-ups, bench, etc. Shoulders need work.).

Listening to Sea Power: From the sea to the land beyond

I’m having a moment: I’m stoned. I’m writing. My feet are tired but healing. My knees are stable and tender. Healing also. And I’m finally writing again! Again! Hurray! No hindrance, no ego; I’ve learned that bad writing is egotistical writing. The reader can smell the reek of the writer if the intention is not to tell a good story; Thus is the goal and pursuit and measurement of narrative writing; narrative sentences do not need to impress on themselves along but survive and thrive in the whole brilliance and coherence and grander beauty of the Work.

I’m going with my gut. It’s not the weed. Today’s not the day yet to return to Jiu Jitsu. I need today and tomorrow’s yoga to limber up while I rehabilitate my limbs in the morning. Today’s “Leg Day” was an astounding success. I had no great expectations for it but it happened. I started with a gentle row and twenty minutes of walking, that naturally evolved and challenged the workout to become a long warm-up session, which really bordered on a high level HIIT session. I jumped for seven—ten minutes. 8:10 PM restorative yoga tonight. Yoga and Meizner tomorrow. Then Wednesday the return to Jiu Jitsu—keep it consistent and healthy. Rest from tennis; the opportunity to play will naturally come. Perhaps it’ll come from cleaning out my space of boxes and my car’s trunk so that I can use the new ball machine. Practicing shots will make them less precious in matches.

She said I had “success building suspense.” I ought to use it. She said it about Crichton but recalled my writing as well.

Crichton has a penchant and success for building suspense.

Thought: People go “nutty”, dying of an effervescent and teary joy. They ramble about something called “The Beautitude.”

It’s like staring into the Sun. What the Beautitude really is, is the apotheotic reveal/epiphany/theophany of the Great Intelligence—the Weirdie/Spooky Actor/Machine Spirit Deep Beneath.

The internet is filled with cache. Old highways. Old connections into archaic systems. Dead bramble paths of dead code; Unreachable subnets; Dark Nets; Deep Nets.


“What is the Internet?”
The Internet transfers data between computers.
Laptops, phones, tablets, car navigators, pacemakers, etc.
Study CS 168 Notes to get an overview of the Internet’s architecture and use it metaphorically to influence a science fiction design that portends the Old Matrix; Om.
“You want to get out of OM, that’s just cosmic noise.” —About the Old Matrix.
“Listen to the Universal Vibration; it has a tone and that tone is Om. It is low.”

The Tarots describe my romantic life as: Death; to 7 of Pentacles (balance; lacking); to Page of Swords (Opportunities for Growth).
I claim I’m not getting laid this year, but I have had no desire and the women have not attracted me. And now that I want it more, I see opportunities: girl at the weed store; any of the tennis girls; asian girls at tennis; hinge hookups; nina recently; anyone at yoga; etc, etc. It is a figment of the mind. The Death Tarot means death of the current life and thus the beginning of a new one. That then is needed by fixing imbalance and reintroducing balance. Thus, becoming the Page of Swords, an erect young man with many sexual and romantic opportunities. I abide.

I want to finish Hassan this year. Let’s go. And Nora has offered to reaad through the entire first editorial draft; I would be very blessed and grateful for this to happen—and that means I want/need/ought/should/portended/will finish this draft this year. Go.



### Move to Hassan

Just write don’t be intimidated.

“Prose can’t rhyme and chime and repeat a beat as poetry can, or if it does it had better be subtler about it than the first half of this sentence.” —Le Guin.
“The rhythms of prose—and repetition is the central means of achieving rhythm—are usually hidden or obscure, not obvious. They may be long and large, involving the whole shape of a story, the whole course of events in a novel: so large they’re hard to see like the shape of mountains when you’re driving on a mountain road. But the mountains are there. [See how she cheekily used ‘mountains’ three times without it sounding awkward? That’s the mark of a master.]

Daily Writing Warm-up (x-inspired by gym/fitness/meditation)

15 minutes of free “walking”
Get into whatever is the day’s theme
M-? Tu-?…

Morning, 530-7 a.m.: Reading.
7-10 a.m.: Gym, resting
10 a.m.-… involved in work
10 p.m.: Sleep

The Internet: Must Handle Failure At Scale
The internet is made possible by protocols: a way to communicate. A specification on how to communicate. Even more strict.

The Internet has Layers. This will be important and thematic for Hassan.

L1—Physical space; What if quantum/entanglement can make information sharing instant instead of very fast on the wire? Physical wire.
L2—Local Network of machines that communicate in packets. Ethernet. Links.
L3—Connecting Local Networks (Best Effort). IP—Internet Protocol is the only protocol at this layer.
L4—Reliability in the Transport Layer. TCP, UDP.
L5—[Obsolete] Sessions
L6—[Obsolete] Presentation
L7—Application. HTTP, DNS

The Internet is a network of networks.
End-hosts; Switches (aka routers, or postal offices in each local network)
Packets “hop” to reach its destination. In Hassan: Hopping is teleporting.



Titan Lee; Tyrant Lee



