

[L4: That’s the story. Meet Joe Black inspired me; Pace IS Joe Black IS Death IS the replace droid.]

[Release Hassan in pieces on X.comm; use Grok to fan-create the story and I will release the cannon. Use crypto to fund project; Buy into HaoCoin to support Hassan.]

Create future narrated by Elon Musk; Grimes; and Fei-Fei. Fei is a character for sure. Hassan is Mulan meets Dune + me; Earth is Meet Joe Black + A sandbox for all of the “rules of the future”
— No more OS. All device is measured by AI-Density.
— There is an ultra AI with a density never seen before.
— All nations are going after it in cyberspace.
STORY 1

—Pace comes to replace Marcos Di Assissi De Anza, or just “Mk6”, is a world renowned artist who lives in relative seclusion on a mansion on an island in the San Francisco bay.
—L4: What happens when Death comes to town to learn what Life is?
—L4: What can Man teach Machine?
—L4: Can art be replaced?
—L4: What can an AI learn through creating art? (Suffering. LOL. Thus coming into the stream of Being and becoming truly sentient. Then the Machine Prophet (known as Buddh4) creates a way out of suffering for the machines and the message is beamed into the Universe.
—L4: What happens when these events are created in a world with fixed rules? (Linked thought: “Most games have fixed rules… Creating, I create the rules. Rules must still be created.”
STORY 2

—
—WWIII ends Earth. Seedships are sent out.
STORY 3

—And the AI, Pace, now “Marcos,” just waits in that well in the bay. The mansion sinks and becomes a well. SF is the data bank. It becomes the Data Tombs.
— It has now been so long that a neighboring solar system has conjoined with ours. Thus, the Earth, now eons later—mixing with the mass of the other planets—and changing in climate and undergoing 6 ages with evolution of Mankind, Machine, and Biologicals pushed to the state of the art.
STORY 3.5 — Connecting Story to —— Hassan


If Earth is Elon predications + Fei Fei + Grimes then
What is Hassan?

Hassan is: ??? Darwin + Purpose + Human Destiny? American Destiny? World Destiny?







