It is foremost the people whom you’re looking for; Don’t be mislead (delta chi, etc, etc), where it is not an activity (finding God) that I go to church. I can find God even in the Devil’s house. It is the People.

Are they truthful? Genuinne? Intelligent? Kind? Compassionate? Energetic? Real? Intuitive? Curious? Humble? Creative? Good?

Do I really want to be at Canvas?

Judo + Jiu Jitsu + Yoga + Strength and Conditioning makes for a warrior.

Writing Hassan makes for a scholar.

Creating a company makes for a leader.

And so on.

Hassan thought: If we can defeat the Devil, follow God; We can be the Masters of the Universe.

“All was made for you—make the best of it as you will.”

Today: 8/2 — I rest at home to recover my sprained ankle. I use all my guile and knowledge to complete this task. This task is a failure if I self-sabotage; over-eat; gain fat; slow progress; etc. This is a success if I practice and grow my patience and watch as Nature takes over. I’ve provided my body with the energy in food and rest; In the meantime, I want to get into WuXia.

36 Chambers
Roshomon
RAN
Flying Dagger
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
Hero
Dragon Tiger Gate

A Martial Artist does not lament injury. At least not for more than a moment. The Martial Artist uses injury to train.

One legged martial-art from the use of crutches. Resourceful ways of carrying things; Underestimate the use of arms. “I went three years without the use of my arms; And when I got them back; everything seemed so easy…so why not add a few more pairs?”

Ghost in the Shell (Modern)
Matrix 2,3



Wu Xia tropes from “Dragon Tiger Gate”:

brothers separate

teaching martial arts for self-strengthening and to fight oppression

evil lair that's epic with hot right hand

gives plaque to represent power

meeting at an inn

two gangs deal and fight

1 vs many

brother fights brother without knowing they're brothers

geishas; celebrating with the bros

stealing the plaque

Dragon looks for plaque

another inn

a vagabond with nunkucks

inter-gang tension between bad "good guy" and bad bad guy.

1 vs many again; Good guy flex

Dragon defends Tiger from Scaly/serpent

Snake Guy is bad

brothers join forces to beat the bad guys

they finally fucked with the nunchuck guy

hero unwillingly brought into fight

catch weapon in mid-air

"I hate being disturbed during my meals"

Now 3 good guys can turn the tide on the sea of bad guys

Shaolin Temple = Dragon Tiger Gate

Sifu

a bunch of students training

"Bring brother back to the Gate"

Nunchuk looking to train at Gate

Nun and Tiger fight to train

Nun is slightly better than Tiger

Dragon >> Nun > Tiger

Tiger's journey to master martial arts

STOPPED @ 23:41/1:30:29


Uulong Dao-Su: “The man with the dragon tail”
A crippled martial arts master; he hubbles on his left leg; little does everyone else know, it is desensitized by kicking; so he can whip his leg as hard as possible without feeling it; He can stand on a single leg; but he moves slowly outside his radius.















