Leguin 5

In media res

Don’t repeat yourself with multiple adjectives

Mix the word salad; Don’t have all quotes, then all action, mix it up; The characters have bodies

Keep the lofty grounded to make it pop; “Not too airy”

Voice can be august if there’s counterpoints to it; Humor, criticism, etc;



What works:

Work hard and consistently; show up; love the work; use energy like a prospect’s stick to find the gold; If I’m not excited, it’s not the entire work, it’s that whatever current doesn’t work

Revise as I work; Polish a paraph to a razor’s edge and that will reveal character, theme, the world or more

Have actor’s pictures to model the characters; Logan Roy as Nole Dawn for example

Have a soundtrack; Using Succession’s soundtrack for the Earth corporate scenes, for example. Or Armored Core soundtrack for the mech fight scenes; 

Use AI to jump start a scene with options for the first sentences then build from there, for example: “Nole Dawn doesn’t belive in blah blah; He believes in blah blah” then tune it.

When my brain feels like it’s been squeezed clean, rest; Doing yoga helps a lot for whatever reason, sweat; Listen to Anna’s music

Try going for a run or something cardio; Zone out

I don’t know if gaming works yet

Read! Read! Read Crichton; Isaacson; Dune; Stuff at the same comprehension level; Read the old epics; Analyze what author has done good work in the area I want to emulate then advance, such as Sanderson’s action scenes; Have exemplars;

Socialize! It’s actually part of the work. Be around people. Work really hard then plan social events. See friends; Hear stories; Notice how people talk, act, carry themsevles; “See how people get in and out of cars” is an example.

Mediate - feel out how long but when the mind is resting and trying to stay empty stuff starts to fill it up

Keep a regular and abundant sleep, workout, work schedule

Maybe you’re just tired or hungry

Go for a walk; “Artist Date” find a place and go; Go see Rodin or epic architecture

When I’m emotional, like afraid, admit it and write it down, draw from the strongest emotion even if the piece doesn’t relate immediately to the work and it’ll circle back. Like the prologue.


What doesn’t work:

Dooming about the project when I’m low on energy

Drive the story and have AI as partner, don’t ride shotgun to AI generated text

Don’t get eogtistical like “Im doing God’s work/ I’m better than everyone else / Everyone else is working on meaningless things” because that comes from fear of smallness and the work will eventually stop.
