Chapter: Kids


The young prince, Hyfe, slouched against his mother’s knee, reassured by the gentle pressure pressing back against him. The carriage bumped. Outside the window, the distant mountains passed slowly. He caught views of the mountain peaks flickering in between the cars passing by his window. The other carriages jostled toward the front to be near the King’s car. Of course, his Father, the King, was not there. An effigy made of obsidian and gold rode in the King’s place. But the king’s many consorts, of which Hyfe’s mother was one, jostled against one another to the front. The closer they were to the King, the more it showed their devotion. His mother, the Lady Sephine, motioned the head-rider of their carriage to move toward the left, making way for the anxious procession that passed by their right. Hyfe—standing to his mother’s waist—left the comfort of her presence and moved toward the window. He stood on tiptoes, rested his chin on the windowsill while propping his weight up with his elbows. He wanted a better view of the front. While the procession slowed in passing his mother’s carriage, her being the ninth consort and could not be overtaken with speed, especially by lesser consorts, it rushed after it had passed, jamming near the front. The earthy smell of red dust mixed with the musk and stench of men and animals, along with the grinding of gears, the bumping of wheels, the hollering of threats and obscenities rushed to and overwhelmed the boy’s senses. Outside, the air was hot. Thin, shimmering mirage waters beckoned to him from afar. He licked his lips. His mother motioned and her servant girl handed him a pouch to drink, but the boy ignored her and the servant; relieved by his mother’s nod, the servant let him be. The shouting up ahead intensified. “They’re going to fight,” the boy said to no one. But the escalating contention was quelled by the beat of three great drums. The procession quieted. The carriages fell back in line. The boy heard a sigh and looked at his mother whose eyes met his through her beaded veil. She tipped her head at him and smiled. He smiled back at her as their carriage also flowed with the great procession. The heated atmosphere settled. Hyfe squinted his eyes and looked above and the twin suns shining with the intensity of a high noon were to be seen as a single star.
“Quit looking at Alom with your naked eyes, you’ll go blind,” his mother said. Hyfe blinked away his momentary stars.
“We ought to be in front.”
Hyfe looked at his brother. The same face as his—the same scrawny, whippy build—but the young Prince Apollyon gazed with an intensity unmatched by Hyfe. He sat next to mother, his posture upright, self-supported. Hyfe saw a sliver of space between them. Looking beyond that space, he saw the hand-woven fabric of the seat behind them. It was embroidered intricately with golden threads revealing the serpentine twist of dragons. A dragon’s eye stared out from that sliver of space back at Hyfe, its ruby catching a passing ray, glowing red.
“Father won’t see us this way,” Apollyon said.
“The Haz King sees all,” the Lady Sephine said, “there is nothing he does not see.” In her mechanical recitation, Hyfe heard disbelief, anger, and resentment. Apollyon heard it as well. He glared, but he did not dare to glare at her, not because she was his mother, but because she was the ninth consort of his Father, the king of the lands of Haz. Apollyon managed a deep inhalation and produced a loud exhalation that they could all hear in the cabin. Lady Sephine’s servant girl squirmed. The boy with the sun-hair unsettled her greatly, partly because he did not seem to blink.
Lady Sephine motioned for Hyfe and he obediently returned to her side. He pulled himself up onto the seat next to her and leaned his head against her as she brushed his hair with her hand. He cooed as her nails scratched his scalp. Apollyon shook his head and turned to look out his side of the window. As they were on the leftmost edge of the procession, there was nothing blocking his view. All he saw was his kingdom. The hardened pan of the red clay plains. The mountains in the distance that moved slowly by. Even the four-winged birds that flew by in triplets and pairs. All his, one day—but not soon—because Apollyon wished his Father to live a long life, to become immortal as his enemies feared. A scowl passed through his face at thought of the Jia and their inferior empire. Their land and their people would be his too, one day—and soon.
The Lady Sephine brushed her son’s hair ever gently and soon the boy was snoring. She kept her gaze ahead, presenting regally as a High Consort should, aware of her servant girl’s spying. Any deviation in her countenance would all be reported to the king. After all, the first seven of the High Consorts had been killed and their descendants had been eradicated from the Haz King’s gene line. Nothing remained: no bodies; no names; not even their homelands—they were flooded by order of the King and baked into desert by the suns. Lady Sephine breathed in deeply and sighed measuredly to remain silent as she had been trained in the esoteric ways of the True Wind. She looked to her left. Apollyon was seated upright, eyes closed in meditation, but she could feel his watching her from an internal gaze. His interoceptors were developed prodigiously early, as did most of his faculties. She trusted that boy would be fine; Apollyon thrived in chaos. But the one leaning on her, with his shiny black hair and nightly coughs and nightly terrors—he worried her. He had no inner sense that she could feel, only two closed, doe-like eyes that were too unprotectedly innocent when opened. Hassan is a ruthless world. She brushed his hair; she traced his nose; she let him sleep.

The little princess Anais of the Shakya-Jia woke up in a puddle of cold sweat on the roof. What a strange dream, she thought. Those people… they spoke but never listened… lived on a planet that was blue… These were not coherent thoughts, but the fabric of a liquid dream that was quickly fraying. She tried to hold onto them but despite her grasp, they slipped away.
Anais pushed herself to a seat and patted herself hurriedly, surprised and reassured to discover a body. Her night-clothes were soaked. As she ran her hands over her skin, she felt the grooves the roof tiles had left. They were tender to the touch. Baltazar is going to be so angry, Anais thought, although she wasn’t sure why. She only felt a sense of doom. Why am I here? It took her a moment to remember. Aharah had absconded again in the night and she had followed. Anais had scrambled onto the roof after her sister who had scaled it like a cat, but herself had been so exhausted from the climb that when she had reached the top, she collapsed onto her back and quickly drifted off.
Earlier in the night, it had been bright enough to see all of the palatial garden. The three moons that had risen had cast everything in silver. But that was earlier. Now only smallest one remained and it barely borrowed and lent enough sunlight for Anais to see her hands.
“Ahrah!” Anais hissed quietly into the night. No answer. “Ah-hah-rah-hah” she huffed out her sister’s Noble Name syllabically, hoping it would make a difference. Merely a gentle wind answered. Where could she be? Anais was aggravated. Perhaps it’s a boy, she thought. Anais was amused at the image of her sister with a boy. They were getting to that age. But that’s not like Ahrah at all. Anais peered over the ledge toward the rows of trees that surrounded the palace. The lanterns of guards patrolling in their paths flickered like fireflies. There was not much more that she could see except a blackness that is the forest and a lighter band above that is the sky. Other than the wind, still gently blowing, it was silent. Anais shivered. The cold had penetrated her skin, permeating to her core. Her fingers were stiff, as were her toes. She wiggled her extremities and was met with numbness. I ought to get back down before I catch a fever, she thought.
Getting up had been difficult. Getting down seemed impossible. The wall was five lengths of her. When she had scrambled up with the help of the early night’s moonlight, she could see little nibs and dimples amongst the bricks on which to pinch her fingers and dig in her toes. And fueled by a burning curiosity, she had scraped her way up like a feral cat. Looking down now, Anais could not make out the ground. And she was further inconvenienced by the roof’s extended ledge. But she could not stay here all night; it was only the fourth moon, then it would be darkness for hours; the night would get colder as it was nearing the end of Fall, and they—especially Baltazar—would be aggrieved to find a corpse. And what would her father, the Emperor, say? Or worse, do to Baltazar?
You really got yourself in this one, Annie, she said to herself.
Despite her growing anxiety, Anais closed her eyes and observed her breath. She noticed it was stifled and short. So she tuned her attention to it, not controlling it, until it returned back to normal. Anais inhaled deeply into her lungs, feeling her back expand slightly, and exhaled. When she opened her eyes again, she could see the vague outline of the wall, the roof, and the path of the roof leading to a guard tower. This was the innermost circle of the palace, which centuries ago had been a small city; now the wall merely encircled the palatial gardens and royal quarters. The real, fortified wall was beyond the forest.
Anais picked herself up and tested the tiles with her feet. As her shoes rubbed the clay tile, it made a scratchy sound. I have grip, she thought, but the tiles will slip if I make one wrong step, then it’ll be an avalanche of clay tiles cascading off the roof. Anais shuddered at the thought of the sound it would make. She lowered her center of mass for balance, and, using both hands and feet, crawled across the top of the wall toward the guard tower.
She reached the bottom of the tower, stopped, and listened. A soft snore. Anais nervously chewed her lip. She had two options that she could see: Climb up into the tower and slip by the guard to the stairs; or, round the corner of the tower from the outside and pray there’s a ladder. Her gut told her to stick to the outside. While she enjoyed the challenge of stealth and could be as quiet as a mouse, the guard could have locked the door to the stairs. However, if she rounded the corner and there was no ladder… she looked down: There was no shrubs to catch her fall, only hard gravel and ground would meet her. And from this height, she was likely to break an ankle; the right one was still wobbly from slipping on the lichen-covered river rocks during last week’s training.
Anais carefully mulled over her choices as the night got colder. She picked at her damp night-clothes, rolling her sleeves over her shoulder and tucking her pant-leg tight. At that moment, she thought, what would Ahrah do? Well, Ahrah would not be in this situation. Ahrah never got into situations that she could not get out. In fact, it seemed to Anais, part of Ahrah’s indifferent nature was that she planned backward: from the contingencies to the choice of entry. Well too late, Anais thought. And if Ahrah were here, and Anais had to laugh, she knew that Ahrah would climb into the tower and go down the stairs, binding the guard if she had to. Ahrah was not one for subtlety. Which made her mysterious absence, now three nights in a row, even more mysterious.
As Anais pondered these questions, she looked back at the royal quarters. She could see the building in the foreground, backlit by the moon, which had gone past its zenith and was on its way down. The silhouette of the quarters showed the carefully harmonized lines of the traditional Shakya style: A four-tiered pagoda much wider than it is tall with swooped roofs that layered between the floors. Lion-like gargoyles that sparkled with jade in the daylight—now merely hunched dark things—squatted on the corners of the roofs. The moon continued its descent, moving faster as it got lower, as the night moved to its darkest.
Anais was about to redirect her attention back to her problem at hand when she saw a gargoyle move. She tucked her chin and furrowed her brow with confusion. Had that been a trick of the eye? She wondered. She kept her sight on the statue. There it was; squat, solid, stone. I must be very tired, Anais sighed.
Then it moved again. Anais’s eyes widened. The figure blended in perfectly with except from Anais’s unexpected vantage. Set against the perfect white background of the moon, the figure showed unmistakably clear: A shadow separated from the gargoyle and began to climb from its perch on the first roof up the wall to the second. The figure carried something on its back. And when the figured shifted its body as it reached for a grip, moonlight reflected off metal.
It’s a sword.
Anais froze in place. Her mind ran. She blinked dumbly whilst shaking her head uncontrollably. No I’m wrong, she thought; I’m imagining things. Anais the Spaz, they’ll call me if I cry wolf again, what should I do?
But a second reflection knocked Anais out of her daze. The figure had scaled over the eave of the second roof and was climbing to the third toward an open window, one that had been left open when Anais followed Ahrah out.
An assassin! The realization gripped Anais with fear. She felt the blood squeeze back into her heart. But she had to act. Anais opened her mouth to call out, but as if in a bad dream, a quiet, hoarse whimper came out: her throat had swollen from the cold. Anais screamed again, and again, only the weakest call. She looked up at the guard tower. The guard was still snoring. She beat her fists against the stone, but if her small, pulpy fists made any sounds the wind swallowed them up.
What should I do? Anais’s mind raced; And why me?
She turned back and the assassin was nearing the window now, and half of its body was melding into the shadow. In her bewilderment, Anais lost her footing as her knees buckled, her forehead smacking into the wall in front of her and scraping along its rough surface until Anais caught herself. But the tiles beneath began to slide. And one fell over the side.
In the depth of the night, the sound of the clay tile shattering on the ground was loud. Anais’s hair stood up. She froze in place and looked at the assassin. It too froze perfectly still, half in and half out the window.
Anais pressed her hands against the guard tower and drove her feet into the tiles. They slid. Slowly at first, gathering speed, until columns after columns of tiles dragged each other over the edge catastrophically and hundreds of clay tiles shattered on the ground.
The palace woke up. Lights turned on in the sleeping quarters and voice climbed from a murmur to a shout. The guard, finally awakened to his duty, ran to the side of the tower and looked down. He saw Anais; He saw her thrusting her finger, pointing furiously; He followed her direction and saw the assassin.
Great bells rang from the guard tower as flares flew into the sky, bringing half of the day into the night. Spotlights trained on the assassin, who darted away from window and zipped along the ground, weaving in and out of rings of lights keeping to the shadows. Anais ran along the top of the wall attempting to cut off the assassin’s escape. Guards fired and the ground kicked with rocks and dust. Anais tracked the assassin and blocked their path.
In the artificial light, Anais could see the assassin was small, only slightly bigger than she is. Anais dug in her heels and readied herself to pounce on the assassin as they scaled the wall. A guard intercepted the assassin, blocking their path, and dove to tackle them. But it must be a trick of the light, thought Anais, because the assassin seemed to flicker out of existence to dodge the tackle before appearing an instant later above the guard. Even as the guard fell, the assassin alit their feet on the guard’s head and used it to kick off and vault up to the roof where Anais stood dumbfounded. The assassin was on her quickly; mid-flight, they drew their sword and the steel blade gleamed.
Anais was frozen, watching as the assassin closed in on her with the blade held up, ready to strike down.
“Move fool!” the assassin cried.
Anais knew that voice. In her confusion, Anais couldn’t move, her legs were like pillars of stone. The assassin crashed into her and they tumbled along the roof and over the ledge. Anais looked down and it was the hard, dark ground. She closed her eyes and crossed her arms to shield her face.
She never hit the ground.
Anais winked opened an eye. The ground was only an arm’s reach away. She was upside-down, dangled in the air by a strong hand that gripped her by the ankle. Blood dripped from her scraped forehead onto the ground. Anais tucked her chin to look up at the one who had saved her.
It was Baltazar, whose face was hard like stone. And in his other hand held the assassin, now unmasked and disarmed.
Anais looked at her companion. She had one green eye, one gold eye, and a glare and scowl so fierce it almost made Anais wet herself.
It was Ahrah.
“Good going, idiot,” Ahrah seethed.
Which made Anais cry.

The day’s march took the procession past the Red Plains to the edge of the Nama Forest, where they made camp. The Nama stretched far, and in the height of summer, the forest chirped with birds and grunted with beasts; the trees sang. Now it being Winter, the forest was dry and ghostly. The Nama trees, barren of their leaves, stood on ashen trunks and skeletal roots. Their bark peeled. The outer hard black bark crumbled first. The animals left these alone, knowing about their poison. The inner soft bark peeled away in white strips, carried by breeze like scarves, revealing red tenderwood that exuded a thick yellow-gold resin.
“I don’t like this place,” Hyfe said, scrunching his nose, “It smells like rot and honey.” He raised the collar of his shirt to mask his nose.
The boy stood at the edge of the forest. Not far behind them, their carriage was unfolding into camp with the clamorous help of servants and some floating, insentient machines.
“Let’s go take a look,” Apollyon said.
“No way,” Hyfe replied.
Apollyon snuck a look back at the carriage. The Lady Sephine, along with Razzar the servant girl, was directing the efforts to establish their camp.
“Look—,” Apollyon said, “it’s safe.”
Rows of Nama trees stood invitingly. The putrid smell had dissolved, and from its midst, a rose-like aroma wafted into Hyfe’s nostrils. He could see corridors in the space between the trees, themselves once bent and twisted, straightened. Their roots seemed to curl up like ankles and feet mid-stride, yet not lifting.
Hyfe looked at his brother with a face like his but sunny and bright that it was difficult to believe Apollyon would deceive him, yet again.
“We won’t go far,” Apollyon said, “just a couple steps into the forest. Look, we can see Mom and the camp.”
“We’ll keep them in sight?” Hyfe asked. As he spoke, he felt his body pulled by the forest. There was a density of air behind him, and the forest looked so harmless, merely rows after rows of hypnotic woods.
Apollyon, knowing his brother was convinced, quieted his tongue. He nodded with a small, encouraging smile.
“I’ll even go first,” Apollyon said.
“No, I’ll go,” Hyfe said and stepped. Apollyon smiled behind him. He knew Hyfe to be a quiet, reticent boy; but he knew his brother’s heart, and that heart had competed with his since they were both in the womb.
“I’ll be right behind you,” Apollyon answered.
Hyfe stepped forward. His feet crossed the boundary between plain and forest. The first tree passed him on the right. Another on his left. He heard Apollyon’s footstep behind him; He turned and was reassured by his brother’s focused gaze into adventure. He also saw the camp; he saw his mother looking over their baggage and stepping into the tent with Razzar. His heart turned; His right foot dragged. But one voice in his mind said, Why turn back now, Apollyon thinks you’re a coward; You’re the bigger brother and you’re letting your little brother be braver than you? Go on. Prove him wrong.
Hyfe turned away from the camp and ordered his feet to march, and they did. Hyfe walked between the rows of Nama trees. They seemed to shift and move. Yet, when he trained his eye on the tree, it was still. “You’re being dumb,” he said to himself. Trees don’t move. The winds don’t speak. The sands don’t whisper. All these voices, sounds; they are merely pattern. And this pattern is being received by your perceptors and interpreted by your mind. You’re living a story. Stop being dumb, they are just trees.
After fifty paces, Hyfe stopped, and Apollyon stopped with him.
“What’s wrong?” Apollyon asked.
“This is where you said we’d stop. We can’t see the camp beyond here,” Hyfe answered.
Apollyon shrugged. He sauntered over to a Nama tree and squatted down. He picked up a small stick and poked at the tree. A sticky web of resin stretched between the tree and the stick. “Look at this,” he told his brother. Hyfe came over to him.
“Smell it,” Apollyon said.
“No,” Hyfe answered, “stop instigating.”
“Instigating?”
“Yes; Pancras says you instigate.”
“What does that mean?”
“You push people to do what they don’t want to do.”
“Pancras!” Apollyon exhaled and spat. “He’s a cripple. Why do you even listen to him?”
“Because…” Hyfe said, “he’s my teacher.”
Apollyon flashed a smile at Hyfe. “You ought to get a better teacher—Did he teach you anything about the Nama forest?”
Hyfe shook his head. To which, Apollyon laughed.
“Did you know? This used to be the border of Vermilia?”
“I know that, everyone knows that.”
“And you know why no one was able to conquer Vermilia for centuries until our Father did?”
“Why?”
“Because no one could pass the Nama in the Summer; It is a jungle. And in the Winter, the Nama trees become deadly poisonous,” Apollyon said, holding up the stick with the tarry resin dripping from it. Hyfe backed away. “Armies have tried; Many nations fell trying to take Vermilia. They tried in the Spring; but the snows slowed them down. The Vermillians were—”
“—were?” Hyfe asked.
“There are no more Vermillians. Father wiped them off the face of the earth. They were the fiercest and most prodigious fighters Father had ever encountered. One Vermillian was said to be able to take tens of men,” Apollyon said.
Hyfe gasped. “Tens of men?”
“Tens. The Vermillian Masters and their Magi were even more powerful. They say the Vermillians made the Crater.”
“The Crater…” Hyfe mused, “that can’t be possible. The Crater is hundreds of miles across. It is all of the North. Men can’t have done it.”
“Maybe they weren’t men,” Apollyon said, “Maybe they weren’t alone. They say the machines once had minds and they fought along with the men.”
“That’s impossible,” Hyfe said. He thought of their machines of burden, obedient, slow automata that could not hurt a soul. They were for pulling; pushing; even oxen were smarter and more aggressive. “You’re telling a tall tale,” Hyfe said.
“Story is story,” Apollyon said. He stood up. “I dare you to put this on your skin,” he said, holding the stick dripping with ooze. Hyfe folded his mouth in disgust and shook his head. Apollyon moved closer with a devilish grin. “If you come any closer, I’ll deck you,” Hyfe said. Apollyon scoffed and flung the stick away. Hyfe was softer; he was also bigger.
“So Father took Vermilia in Autumn?” Hyfe asked. He tried to conceal his curiosity from his brother knowing that once Apollyon sensed desire, he used it as bait and fuel. Pancras had warned him many times. Yet, in his tender heart, Hyfe wanted to ingratiate himself to his brother; to be his friend.
Apollyon remained silent.
“Father took Vermilia in Autumn,” Hyfe asked again. Though Hyfe tried to conceal his excitement, Apollyon picked out the urgency. He nodded.
“He took it in Autumn with a million-strong army,” Apollyon said.
“He took the Golden Horde on the Golden Path and prevailed against the enemy, one hundred to one; Thus, He became the Haz King,” Hyfe recited the scripture. “I know all of this, Pancras told me.” His excited voice flattened.
“But did he tell you how?” Apollyon asked with a sneer.
Hyfe shook his head.
Apollyon looked back at the camp; The tents had been erected; the fountain was spewing; But, Mother was not to be seen.
“I’ll tell you, if you go another hundred paces,” Apollyon said.
Hyfe shook his head.
Apollyon shrugged again and turned to walk back to camp.
“No, wait!” Hyfe said. He looked further into the forest. It looked no different than where they were now. “One hundred paces, you said?”
“One hundred paces.”
“Why don’t you come with me?”
“That’s not part of the deal.”
Hyfe fidgeted. He wanted to know what Apollyon knew.
“How do I know you’ll tell me?”
Apollyon laughed. “So you finally have some wits? Fine. One hundred paces in, there will be black bark lying on the ground. Fetch me a piece of that bark and I will trade you.”
Hyfe looked around. The trees were barkless; bare; dripping with yellow resin; But, there was no black bark.
“You better hurry,” Apollyon said, “Alom is about to set.” And it was, that the suns had retreated past the half of its final quadrant.
One hundred paces, Hyfe said to himself. One hundred paces; You can walk one hundred paces. It won’t take but a minute. He looked at Apollyon’s face, and it was perfectly still. A small wind played with his golden locks, and those blue eyes shone.
“Fine,” Hyfe said. Even though his feet were cold, Hyfe urged himself to go forward. He raised his right foot; set it down. He raised his left foot; set it down. And like so, he forced himself to march. It was getting darker. The trees seemed to grow; their leafless branches were like arms with claws. “This is your imagination,” Hyfe said, “only imagination. Go. Seventy.” He looked back and Apollyon’s small shape was visible.
“Eighty,” Hyfe counted to himself. He looked around and there was no bark. He sweated. What if, there is no bark? Then Apollyon will surely go back on his deal. ‘You didn’t walk a hundred paces,’ he’ll say. “Ninety.”
Then Hyfe inhaled sharply in elated surprise. He saw. On the ground before him, lying in dark masses all around, unmistakably, were the black bark. “One-hundred.”
The trees here were different. Their bark was not bare but covered with smooth black carapace. Hyfe, carried by his natural curiosity, went to examine a tree. The way the bark covered parts of the tree leaving tenderwood beneath reminded him of scabs covering wounded skin.
Hurry. A voice said. You should not be here. Go. Hurry.
Hyfe straightened. Was that him? Did he speak? He listened. There was no voice. The wind whistled high and low between the branches playing them like sullen flutes. Hyfe bent down, picked a piece of black bark, and turned to run.
Then, a chittering rose. *Kik-kik. Kik-kik.*
Hyfe froze. He looked around for the source of the sound; He could see another hundred paces into the forest but no further, as the ground and the trees were black, and the evening’s beginning darkness limited his sight. But the sound was not coming from beyond. It came from all around.
“Ah!” Hyfe screamed. He felt an electric sting in his hand. He opened his palm and flung the piece of black bark away, only for it to open in the way, spread translucent wings, and fly away. The chittering grew louder all around him. His vision blurred. His legs felt weak. Hyfe looked at his hand and where the insect had stung him, a boil had formed. He clenched that wrist with the other hand to constrict the bloodflow. Poison, he thought, ‘I’m poisoned.’
Help, Hyfe gasped, but his throat had swollen shut. He tried again, calling: Help, Apollyon.
He looked toward his brother. With his vision swirling, he imagined the small shape running away. Hyfe clenched his hand, stepping slowly back toward the direction of camp. Swaying, he stepped on more of the black insects on the ground. The chittering grew, and rising like a cacophonous smoke, millions of the beetles took to hair. The trees were suddenly bare. The black from the ground rose up. And Hyfe was surrounded by a vortex of such black insects—they covered him from head to feet and they stung at him. He tried to scream but nothing came out of his mouth. Hyfe stumbled and fell. As he lay on the ground, with the last of his consciousness, he saw a figure sprint toward him.

Lady Sephine sprinted to her son’s side. He was a small clump covered in Vyvyan beetles. She knew the beetles’ poison well, and the boy had only minutes before his lungs would be paralyzed. She swatted the beetles off, but more took their place. Her heart raced. She was soaked in sweat. Panic won’t help now, she thought, I need to calm myself. Then I’ll think of a way out. She steadied herself by holding in a breath, and as she exhaled in measures, she analyzed her surroundings.
The beetles were hibernating, she thought, now awakened, the beetles are attracted to his body heat. I must first lower my own body heat to the ambient temperature so I am not overcome by the beetles. She flung a wetted blanket over Hyfe to shield him. And even though beetles attracted to her sweat clung to her and stung her, she focused her mind. Between each sting, her mind would jump to the pain, but through her training, she knew how to bring it back. And so, in less than a minute, Lady Sephine entered the First Absorption, the first stage of Complete Concentration. The beetle and the world quieted. Though she could hear them and feel them, it was as if she were experiencing her surroundings from within a room; that room being her own body, and her mind was the resident within. From within the First Absorption, the beetles sounded as if they were beyond a wall, chittering their wings but muted. And from this place, it being so quiet, a plan came together: once she had awareness of her body, she lowered her temperature to match that of the ambient. It was difficult because it was becoming night and the temperature was dropping. Nonetheless, she matched the ambient temperature. Then, a bit cooler, the beetles left her body in search of heat elsewhere. Lady Sephine shivered. Her teeth chattered. She got to her feet and walked quickly toward the nearest tree. She peeled back her sleeve and rolled it around the shoulder to expose her arm, then rolled her arm on the tree and covered it in sap. She returned to Hyfe, kneeling down, she reached her hand under the blanket and let the beetles feed on the sap on her arm. As planned, the beetles soon left Hyfe. She collected her son under her left arm and made her way back to camp.

Lady Sephine stumbled out of the forest and collapsed. A small crowd had gathered, with Apollyon and Razzar at the front.
“Get the doctor… the revival pool,” she muttered through purple lips. The crowd of consorts and their servants did not move. Lady Sephine glared at her servant. “Faster you whip!” she said.
“Go get the doctor,” Razzar said to Apollyon. The boy ran off. She hesitantly went to Lady Sephine’s side. Her mouth curled in disgust at the situation. She went to hold Lady Sephine up by the shoulder, but Sephine said, “No, grab him,” motioning to Hyfe. Razzar obeyed and picked up the bundle. The blanket fell away to reveal the boy’s face, translucent as a corpse.
“Is he alive?” Sephine asked.
Razzar took her fingers to his palm and tested for pulse. She nodded. Sephine sighed.
The doctor, an elderly man, shoved through the crowd, which was in no hurry to part. In fact, some actively tried to get in the way. “Move! Move!” the doctor shouted as he burst through them. He ran toward the pair of mother and son and instinctively went to the boy first. With a quick scan of his hands over the boy’s body, the Doctor felt his lifeforce weakly. The boy’s pulse was faint; and his breathing was inaudibly weak. The Doctor took out a syringe of adrenaline and plunged it into the boy’s chest.
Hyfe heaved and sat up. He turned to his side and vomited.
The Doctor went to Lady Sephine, who waved away the drug. “Take us to the revival pool, now,” she ordered. The Doctor nodded and motioned for two machines of burden to carry the mother and the son, and with them loaded and the machines in tow, the Doctor dragged them through the crowd. He waved his hand at the crowd, which had gathered densely. They shoved into him shoulder-to-shoulder.
It was Apollyon who unsheathed his small kirpan, shouting “Make way! Don’t make me get my Father!”, who got in front of the Doctor and waving his small knife parted a way through the crowd. When they had torn through the malintented gawkers, the Doctor took off with his patients, saying a quick “Thanks boy” to Apollyon.
Apollyon sheathed his weapon and looked on as his mother and brother were taken away to the center of the camp where the revival pool had been dug and filled. The crowd began to disperse, not before expressing its disappointment. “That’s too bad,” it said. Apollyon narrowed his eyes at them, and they dissipated like flocks of animals who have had their fill.

[Note: Continue with revival pool; Apollyon’s lies; Punishment]

Anais kneeled in the great hall with its giant redwood pillars. The early morning light was coming in from the front (the entrance being installed facing East), even though the hall was open to the air. Sixteen pillars supporting a cavernous roof with swooping crown ridges.
Anais had come early, before dawn, to sit down and mind her own penitence. A small hopeful voice said, ‘If you come early, maybe the punishment will be less severe.’ There was no real chance of that. Balthazar was a strict disciplinarian who never deprived the children of the rigor for proper conduct. He was late in coming in this morning. He was never late, Anais reflected, except for those odd weeks when no one in the palace seemed to see him. The usual answer was: ‘Balthazar’s on assignment to the ledge regions…’ Anais shifted her weight; she had been sitting on her ankles for two hours now and it nearly reached Ning [9 a.m. - resolve placeholder]. She looked to the empty space to her right where Aharah ought to be. There was the slightest of a divot in the marble and stone tile that conformed to the contour of folded legs. That had been her half-sister Nala’s seat. She looked down at her own space on the floor; the floor was hard and flat. To her left, Ahrah’s space remained empty.
“How absolutely idiotic of Ahrah to prance around in sneak-gear and a blade…, Anais thought; And where had she gotten a blade?! Was it a special instrument bequeathed to Ahrah? From Balthazar?” Anais breathed shorter; faster. “Ahrah was only a year older… what was she now, nearing puberty?” Most do not start swords until they’re well established in their puberty… swords are contraband. All weapons were contraband in the palace. And from a momentary glimpse, it was no rusty blade. The edge was honed and refined. Which smith will face punishment for conspiracy? Even with a princess, and Ahrah’s not a fully-recognized princess yet. Father simply is too feeble and has too many gene-children… and there was Nala, who is now second in line.”
Anais was roused out of her meditation by the sound of quick steps; a pause was followed by the almost silent sounds of one slipping off one’s shoes; another three-beat pause to bow and enter, then more quick steps, quiet and barefoot now, tip-toed to Anais’s left. There was the sound of fabric shuffling; a plop; and loaded silence, punctuated by the sound of another pair of lungs breathing.
Anais remained in her meditative seat; She had the urge to open her eyes, but she pushed that curiosity down. She straightened her posture; She sat straight, shifting her weight back over her folded ankles. Beads of sweat began to form on her brow and she could feel her neckline and armpits becoming damp. Fighting the urge that was clawing at her, Anais shifted uncomfortably, until she finally opened her eye and snuck a look to her left. Aharah was seated stone-like and immaculate, glowing with the mid-day as the suns shone hazy and white from beyond blankets of clouds.
“You’re so late!” Anais hissed.
“Late for what?” Ahrah said, unperturbed. This roused a sense of indignation in Anais.
“For our punishment…” Anais said.
Ahrah peeked open one eye, looked around the hall but not making eye-contact with Anais. “Seems like we’re early,” she said, “and our disciplinarian is late.”
The sound of heavy doors opening cut off their conversation.
“Shush!” Anais said to Aharah and hurriedly returned to her previously pristine posture. She bowed her head slightly, looking as contrite as she could.
“Why are you even worried? You didn’t do anything wrong,” Ahrah whispered.
“Shush—I was on the roof,” Anais brushed her off.
The heavy doors closed with a seal and martial feet marched into hall. Four guards took their place at the front of the hall, standing on either side of two empty mahogany chairs. The guards stared unblinkingly before them, past the two seated girls, beyond the front entrance and to the path to the inner palace gate.
The guards never made a sound. And neither did the girls. And the day went on; the suns rose to Eleta; then to Twing; hanging high, bright, but cool. At mid-day, the guards gathered in line and made one pass around the perimeter of the hall. When they stepped outside, Anais picked their conversation, “What were you doing with a sword?” Her question was asked in a pitch combining accusation and deep curiosity. Ahrah heard her sister’s undertone clearly.
“I was practicing,” Ahrah said, matter of fact.
Anais gasped. She returned to her posture; eyes closed; she sniffed in slowly. Finally, when she could no longer contain her curiosity, she burst out: “Where did you get a sword?”
“Shush,” Ahrah said, “you’re so loud.”
“Where did you get a sword?” Anais asked, her voice much later. The indignation was gone, replaced by pure wonder.
“Why should I tell you?” Ahrah replied, also matter of fact.
Anais fidgeted.
“It’s a beam saber,” Ahrah snuck the phrase in before Anais could settle. “No it’s not,” Anais instinctively replied with envy and disbelief. She remembered the blade had flashed in the light.
“Shut up,” Anais said, “it’s a steel blade.” Her voice waned as her thoughts returned to the thought of the blade. “Is it double-edged? Single?” Anais asked, a little out of breath.
“Double,” Ahrah said, “it’s a light-weight jian.”
“That’s so cool,” Anais whispered to herself, squeezing out the last syllables. “What’s the angle on of the tip?”
“Obtuse;” Ahrah said, “now be quiet, the guards are coming back.”
Anais settled back into her meditation-posture. “Obtuse,” she thought, that means the blade was not for piercing; it’s a light-weight cutting blade. Strange, since no one used light-weights for dueling, so it must be specially made for a child; or someone small.
“Ahrah,” Anais asked.
“What?” Ahrah said, her brow furrowing; the skin tightening around her closed eyes.
“What were you doing last night?” Anais asked.
There was a silence. After a studied pause, Ahrah relented. “I was practicing swings in the forest,” she said; “truth.”
Anais pursed her lips. “Yeah I get it, I’d probably do the same if I had a cool sword.” She said.
Ahrah scoffed. Her lips curled up into a smile. Outside the shuffling of guards’ feet returned.
“If only your Intero was developed better, you could speak SSay. And we can keep chatting…” Ahrah teased Anais right before the guards returned.
“You!” Anais protested. She stiffened from a quick “shush” from Ahrah. Then they were both silent.

[Note: Scene switch to Anais meeting Nala; Should be a new chapter probably when it’s grown to that size.]

It was near the end of Fall and the beginning of Winter. Fog, mist, and a cold chill had fallen over the palace. Most of Shakya-Jia northern lands are peppered with snow; in the more southern latitudes, the snows came down in lumps. Near the capital, barred by the Hem bay to the north and the great Pacific Ocean to the West, it was a time of a final burst of energy before the introverted wintery months when souls collected around hearths and plans were hatched in the closed-off interiors. This last burst of energy was the start of the Naadam festival and tournament. And it was a month before it began that Nala arrived home; she came from the guarded shores, back along the edge of the Ocean along a long, hardy, and cat-tail-tufted trail called the Land’s End.
The news of Nala’s arrival, along with nine sentinels of her rank, reached the palace according to the seeing-eye ravens. The ravens crowed in odd-numbers: once, thrice, sometimes in fives. Balthazar heard the first odd note of their call while on a morning walk.
He walked slowly. He was weary. His joints felt swollen and irritable. His eyes heavy from a lack of sleep. Despite this, his posture remained immaculately upright. It was a misty morning, as it was the reason. And Balthazar was himself on the End’s Land, staring from a scenic cliff back at the palace. He admired the rising hills; the fanning evergreens, and the sandstone domes and the clay-caked steps that ran hundreds to the river that flowed in from the Hem bay. A raven called; one, twice, thrice. And it stopped. Balthazar stiffened at the odd note. He looked around out of a natural instinct to contain a secret, even though that secret is out in the wild.
Balthazar looked at the bird. It was an old, disheveled thing, pathetic really; old feathers poked out, and it stood on one leg. Balthazar narrowed his focus; he let his concentration rise and become honed: all sounds quelled while specific notes played higher in the quietude. He could feel the essence of the raven. Balthazar then let his mind become diffused; no long beaming like a laser but vast and open; small thoughts came and went, no louder than the whoosh of the winds. Balthazar felt the raven reach out, and he let go of his sense and melded with the raven’s memory-consciousness and saw through the bird’s sight: He saw a group of ten, armored and on horseback, marching along the cliff, flying purple-green Shakya flags. And he saw near the front, the second rider; tall, martial, her gaze steadily set on the trail—but occasionally, the raven caught her gaze shift toward the vast, oceanic waters undulating inland with waves. On her neck, Nala wore an incomplete emblem: a sapphire-eyed lion looking outward without mane.
Balthazar’s heart swelled at seeing his old student. At that moment, the rider looked up to meet the gaze of the raven, having simultaneously a jolt of connection beyond the bird’s eyes. They stared at each other through space and time for a moment, and the bird blinked and flew away. Balthazar withdrew his conscious extension from the bird’s memory. The bird, transfixed on a leafless branch, stirred then flew away.
Balthazar continued to stare out at the sea as he walked. He thought about his most talented student. She would reach the capital in three days. Balthazar summitted a small lookout, bracing his hand on the top of his leg to push himself over. He stood straight again, a bit out of breath.

[Note: The Shakyans train in water chambers; there are healing pools]

Anais was training in the water chamber when she felt Nala’s return. The water chamber, an opaque, industrial sphere, was configured to express 1.1G. It could reach up to 10G. Anais gritted her teeth as she stooped over a dead barbell stuck to the floor. She stepped under the bar, braced her core, and tugged the slack out of the bar: then with explosive force, she pulled the bar up, dropped under it—much more easily done underwater—, shelved the bar on her chest, then with single-minded intention, exploded up and cleaned the bar overhead.
A flurry of bubbles spewed from her mouth as Anais exclaimed in triumph. It had been two years since she had been allowed to work in the chamber; and she had been working up to her own bodyweight since then. She locked out her body, feeling the full extension of the movement; relished in the expansion of her body to its fullest. Then she let go of the weight and watched as it sunk, swirling with small fingerling vortexes where displaced water filled in.
Anais sighed. She felt clammy. She could feel herself sweat; even underwater. Inside the chamber, it felt cold; Warbled sounds of water sloshed around her ear. Anais was reminded of jumping into the Lake on crisp early mornings, with the angelic trident mountains in the back and the wooden dock creaking from their steps. Aharah had been there; she rarely traveled with them on leisure. She had sat on the dock, kicking her feet. She had borrowed one of Anais’s pastel blue swimsuits; Anais remembered. Red’s really Aharah’s color. Blue made her seem compliant. And Nala had been there too. It was Nala who, on that day going against Baltazar’s pedagogy, had taught Anais the stream-entering technique for the First Absorption while they were in the water.
“Watch your breath;” Nala had said.
“It’s not working,” Anais whined after moments. “Are you watching your breath?” “Of course I am!” “Are you only watching your breath?” “I’m doing what you said!” Anais splashed in the water, flinging it around; She felt her anger bubbling.
“Watch your breath—watch your breath,” Anais said as she pommeled the water one last time; the water gurgled.
Nala sat down next to Aharah on the dock. Aharah shifted slightly away. Nala sighed inaudibly.
“That’s all you say,” Anais said. She floated on her back, having tired herself from getting the lake a beating. “Watch your breath,” she said as she twisted her face and mocked Nala’s words.
“It’s literally the first line from the ‘Technique’,” Nala said.
“I don’t care,” Anais said. She laid back on the water’s surface. She bobbled. Water swashed into her ear, deafening her hearing for a moment, before siphoning out loudly. It spoke a garbled, submerged language to Anais, who listened, suspended in water with a growing giddiness. She enjoyed how Nala catered to her. Admittedly, the pleasure she had derived from her angst was not fully explicable to her; attention on the tail of misbehaving was a suprising treat to her. This sort of laggard behavior would be met with a swift look and swifter hands from Baltazar or any of her trainers. Anais smiled. Her breathing naturally slowed and her body relaxed, flattening out on the water. She reached deeper within, curious to unravel this emotional web. But like a bubble in water, it burst before Anais could hold it: She had forgotten what her attempt was for, only that she had almost made sense of something, an emotion similar to the one she felt when she would not share a toy.
Anais opened her eyes. She could not fully communicate it; but it was a moment when a part of her newly-forming self-image changed. Lazily, she looked to her sisters on the dock: Nala nonchalantly posted on her hands; Aharah, bored. Nala’s lips formed gentle vowels. Aharah had few words of her own; a turn of the head; a question. Nala answered. Water sloshed in Anais’s ears. Aharah picked herself up and walked away. Nala called after her, her mouth formed the name “Aja” as she called out, but Aharah didn’t look back.
Anais wanted to say something but she felt too set in the water. Her body had been hypnotized by the swaying to and fro. She kept watching as Nala stood up after Aharah—paused—then sat back down.
Anais drifted toward the dock like a piece of driftwood until her head knocked into Nala’s foot. Nala’s heavy-lidded gaze followed her wafting motion in the water. Anais lifted her head out of the water.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
Nala shook her head slightly and answered. But Anais couldn’t hear, her ears was still logged with water. “Hold on—” she said and tilted her head. She felt a gentle pressure sagging on her eardrums. Sound was muted and Nala’s words quietly reverberated. Anais shook more vigoriously.
“What’s that you said?” Anais asked.
Nala’s sigh turned to a bemused smile. She said: “I’m leaving tomorrow.”
 The blockage in Anais’s ear liquefied. As it drained, sound returned with clarity.
“Leaving?” Anais said. “Leaving where?”
“Uggostal,” Nala said.
“Oh.” Anais replied. She floated there in the water as the suns cleared the afternoon sky and as the clouds laundered themselves fresher and cleaner than in the morning. Anais spun around slowly.
“Where’s Uggostal?” Anais asked.
“It is West; on the Coast; Where the Nama ends and the cliffs and ocean begin.” Nala said.
“Uggostahl,” Anais said. “I’ve never heard of Uggostal.”
Nala nodded and shifted her weight. “I’d not heard it myself until Baltazar mentioned it to me.”
“Baltazar told you to go?” Anais asked as she sit up. But before she could hold the question with dignity, she lost her balance and bobbled on her rear; she kicked her legs to right herself like an upturned bug.
Nala watched Anais struggled for a bit and when her sister had relaxed and resettled into the water, she said “he gave me a choice. He said I could go to TuAn.”
Anais gasped. “You could go to TuAn?” She turned to her belly and dog-paddled to the dock and pulled herself onto the deck with her arm. She put her face to Nala, and without missing a beat, said, “Why didn’t you? We always thought TuAn is where you’d be.”
“We… you and Aja?”
Anais laughed.
Nala chuckled herself. “What?”
“Aja,” Anais laughed so more. “I’m Aja and I like to keep to myself and brood. I’m Aja and I don’t listen to nobody, not even myself! I’m Aja,” Anais mimicked Ahraha with pursed lips, a stiffend body, and her right hand daintily forming a circle as in a mudra. Nala was amused and laughed; and as Nala laughed, Anais only became more spirited and exaggerated in her expression: She pushed back her rear and bent at the waist with a flat back as if entering into a bow then she struck out her chest as she’d seen some of the High Ladies of the court do. Then she lifted heel, then the other, in an exaggerated staccatoed dance, and as she changed feet the opposite hand wove into floral shapes above her head.
Nala bowled over in belly-laughs.
Goaded on, Anais said, “I’m Aja. I’m too fancy for you, Cretin. Get out of my sight. I’m Aja. I only listen when you call me in the palindromic. I’m Aja.”
“Settle down, she’s going to see you,” Nala said with eyes a bit wet from laughing and a face full of mirth. Anais looked back to their cabin uphill of the dock. A window shade quickly shut. Anais bit her lip. She looked back at Nala with an air of mischief. Nala shrugged off the silliness and stared out over the lake. It was still. Pleats of bright light rolled off the meandering waves. The mountains in the distance and the lacy clouds they dressed in had changed from starkly blue and green to a hue of orange and gold. The wind picked up slightly with the coming evening breeze.
“Come sit down,” Nala patted the seat next to her. Anais happily complied and laid her head on Nala’s shoulder.
“Tell me more about Uggostal,” Anais said. “It sounds like ugly; sorry.”
Nala brushed her hair. “They call it the Water Forge.”
Anais’s eyes widened, “The Water Forge?”
“You seem surprised. Earlier you were impressed.”
“Everyone knows about TuAn. It’s produced the best earth-magis. Master-Sifu Oolong Dao-Su was a student there.” Anais looked up. “Do you think… Baltazar founded TuAn like they say?”
Nala tipped her chin, her eyes narrowing, “who says?”
“The other kids…”
Nala shook her head. “That’s impossible. TuAn’s five thousand years old.”
“Right…” Anais replied.
“Don’t listen to them,” Nala said, “all they do is gossip and jostle for the small podiums.” She looked at Anais and poked a finger at her sternum, “you’re destined for great things, Anais. Remember the person you are now. Come back to her when you feel lost.”
Anais did not understand what Nala meant; she could only look on in awe. The sage advice seemed to envelope her sister in a glow that hinted at the potential to grow into this person. And seeing her sister with the sun over her shoulder lighting up her hair made her look truly royal.
“Baltazar said if I go to TuAn, I’ll become stronger.”
“Strong enough to take on the Haz?”
“Maybe. But there are much worse things than the Haz.”
The statement flew by Anais. “Then why don’t you go to TuAn.”
“Because he also said… if I go to TuAn, as I expected, and as everyone else expected… I won’t find my own path.”
“You own path?” Anais asked.
Nala nodded.
“Your own path is to Uggostal?”
Nala sighed. She herself could not explain her decision.
“Are you going to Uggostal because Baltazar wants you to go to Uggostal?” Anais asked.
Nala felt her aggitation grow.
“Isn’t that the same as doing what He expected?”
She chewed her lips a bit and swallowed the excess spit that had built up when her agitation had set in. She realized that she had been holding in her breath, so she inhaled deeply and let it out slowly. “I don’t know,” Nala said.
Quieter, Anais asked, “then why? Especially…”
“Especially what?”
“Nala,” Anais said, “you’re not particularly water-y.”
Nala laughed at her sister’s bluntness. “No, I’m not,” she answered. “That’s the choice Baltazar gave me. ‘Go to Tu An,’ he said, ‘and you’ll become great, but you’ll never be the Greatest. Go to Uggostal and your training will be hard. But you may have a chance. And we may have a chance.’ He said.”
“Do you want to go to Uggostal?” Anais asked.
Nala’s gut clutched at such a core question asked so simply. “No.” And there was a silence, supplemented by the echoing cries of a family of larks skimming over the water.
“Then why leave?” Anais thought to ask but she caught herself. “Then why go?” she asked.
“There are more important things than what I want in the moment. And I do want this—I want… Anais, I feel a calling. I feel there is a great destiny set out for me as well. And I can sense that Baltazar is right, that if I go to Tu An, ‘an earth school and an prodigy,’ I’ll only grow in my strength and my pride. But at the Water Forge on the other hand… maybe I can make more of myself.”
A tear came to Anais’s eye but she did not know why. She felt the ache now. Nala had made sense of something and that something now felt cemented and settled. In the morning, her sister will leave and return to her a different person.
“When will you be back?” Anais asked.
The winds seemed to answer with a quickening of gust. The waves became short and chopped. The tide rocked the dock, and when pulling back, took parts of the beach with it. Nala took in Anais at this time of splendor fully, saw the innocence, the strength and the promise. She kissed her sister on the forehead, and said, “When I have mastered the Water Absorptions or your 19th, whichever comes first.” She winked. Anais huddled into her and sobbed and Nala held her and they rocked back and forth, to and fro, with the waves on the dock.

[Anais sneaks off to see Master-Shifu Oolong Dao-Su]

Anais opened her eyes within in water chamber. A sensor was going off as the gravity reached the limit of 1.1G for children’s training. She let herself relax and breath and as she returned back from her memory, Anais waved her hands in the water—a sign for the chamber to depressurize.
She curled down and removed her ankle weights. What levity, she thought, as she floated off the ground and suspended in the water. Anais tucked her head and spun slowly like a wheel. She exhaled out through her mouth and the used air joined the bubbles effervescing out of the water as the chamber decompressed. What should I do? She asked herself, I haven’t seen Nala in four years. Anais smiled at the memory of their farewell by the lake. But why has she returned? It’s far from Anais’s 19th. Could it be? That Nala had mastered the Water Absorption Technique? Anais’s heart jumped with excitement. Maybe she can teach me, she said. Anais smiled a sly little smile. There’s someone she must tell the good news.
A chime sounded. The decompression had been completed. The water drained through the sieve beneath her feet and the airlock popped up with a hiss. As the hydraulic door opened, Anais pushed it with her leg to speed up the process and when she had enough room, she squeezed through the door and planted her wet feet on the stone ground. Anais quickly stripped off her compression gear and fetched her clothes. Pants slung on, arms tangled in the sleeves, Anais hopped on a foot while slipping her sandal on the other.
Should I get Ahrah? She wondered. How annoying, Anais thought: If I don’t tell her, she’ll get mad at me. If I do tell her, she’ll be peeved. Anais found Ahrah’s tank and peeked through the glass portal set in the door. The inside was dark. Ahrah had turned off all the lights.
Maybe she’ll want to know, Anais thought. She tapped on the glass. “Ahrah,” she said, “I got some news.” The tank remained inert.
“What’s she doing in there?” Anais wondered. She checked the pressure gauge: 1.1 G. But there was no movement in the tank.
“Ahrah… Aja,” Anais rapped the glass some more. She still couldn’t see anything. She leaned in to the window. From the darkness, Ahrah’s fist punched the glass. Anais, surprised, was thrown back and fell on her butt. “Fine!” she said. She picked herself up and dusted herself off. If that’s how she wants it, Anais though. She stuck her tongue out and made an ugly face at the black glass then left the gymnasium.

[Interview the sea data core company guy from tennis and learn something about the physics and electronics: Make it a field trip.]


[Start with MMO; experimental segment]

“So which character you going with?” Wong Jung asked.
“What?” Bruce said.
“Wha—at. Cha—ra—cter ar—”
“OK. I get it.”
“I don’t know about you but I’m getting tired of losing.” Wong Jung said as his hydraulic chair hissed into place. He slapped on both of his haptic gloves, strapped on his prime gaming battle-suit, and looked over at his teammate. “Hey, you okay? I kinda need you fully here tonight.”
Bruce shrugged it off.
“I’ll play Anais,” he said.
Wong Jung groaned. “Not again man. We need some damage. No offense man, I know you’re going through it with the breakup and all, but you gotta get off it, man. We’re down 1-2; next one we lose. Out of the tournament,” Wong Jung said as he leaned over to Bruce, “and I’m out four thousand BIPS! Might as well be waiting tables again this summer. Come on man, help me out.”
“Damage?”
“Yea man, damage. Deeps. Have you heard of it?” Wong Jung sighed and settled back into his chair. He pawed his hands in the air and the over-projector spawned a spherical screen. “Look, I’m trying hard tonight. So, I’ll go with Baltazar. But I can’t tank and do damage at the same time. So you gotta help me out brotha.”
“Anais and Baltazar, that’s totally a fair play,” Bruce said, leaning into his own chair. He slowly put on a glove. “Anais sights; we spot and slow all of them and you come in with the dark thunder clap. Ease game.”
“No man I can’t play damage tonight man,” Wong Jung said.
Bruce looked at Wong Jung. His neck was still bruised from the bout from two days ago. Eventhough the battles happen in virtual reality, the best simmers do everything they can to get an advantage, including mimicking character’s sense and physical feedback for damage. And two nights ago, Wong Jung had gotten a beating. Bruce strapped on his other glove.
“I got it,” Bruce said, “I’ll go with Aja.”
Wong Jung pumped his fist. “Let’s go brotha, finally. With me mage tanking and you going dual swords…”
Bruce said, “I’m going spear for the range. They have a Lyoness. We’ll like some range for dueling.”
Wong Jung nodded. “Best Duo,” he reached out a fist.
“Best Duo,” Bruce said and completed the fist bump. They strapped on their visors and they were in the game.


On a high sand dune, Wong Jung stood up as Baltazar; A mountain of a man wearing a stone mask, he was dressed in a heavy black coat that reached his feet. He carried no visible weapons but his fists look like stone clubs. On each finger, he wore heavy gold rings, each embedded with a jewel of a different color. Beside him stood Bruce playing as Aharaha, female, muscular like a sprinter with a strong back, protected by golden armor that blended in with the sands. She wore pointed visors that shielded her eyes. The skin of her face was brown and tanned. The armor she wore was made of soft metal and blended in with the sands.
“Do you see them?” Wong Jung asked.
Bruce scanned around. In the heat of the mid-day with the twin suns reaching their highest, brilliant mirages turned the dunes into mountains of glass. Glare shot everywhere. Aharah’s visor darkened. She looked around. Small gusts picked up skirts of sand from the tips of the dunes and rolled them in the air. No assailants. She shook her head. Wong Jung as Baltazar sat down into meditation stance.
“I’m going to establish a sanctuary,” Wong Jung said, “you go find them. The sanctuary is going to take a moment to summon but when it’s done, just lure them back.”
Bruce as Aharah nodded. She stabbed her spear into the sand. She checked her belt for her tools. An ornate dagger hung on her left side. Her right held a stinger pistol in its small, leather holster. And in the center of her belt, a small shield generator no larger than a coin, hummed with energy.
“Go,” Wong Jung said, “I’ll lay a trap. Find them and lure them back here. The Sanctuary is almost complete, it’ll heal you for full when you return.”
As Wong Jung finished, Aharah nodded and dove off the side of the dune into the sand. Once beneath, her visor showed her a transparent view of the environment both outside and inside the sand dune. She used the sand’s trace amount of metal to propel herself using magnetic buttons that created a field. Beneath the sand, Aharah slithered through her tunnel as fast as she could fall. She drew her side dagger and with a twist changed the direction of her path. Aharah looked around: A colorless world made of only outlines. Far beneath the dune deep beneath her, Aharah scouted the forward fin of a massive star destroyer that had sunk beneath the sands. She came upon two pillars buried in the sand. A banner between the pillars warned in cryptic letters. She looked on and the path led to a forgotten city. But the enemy were not there. Her sense of human presence was much more keen than even her eye. One heart-beat would give the enemy away. One foot-step.
Aharah gathered herself a minute.

Bruce set the avatar into a meditational defensive posture. While it waited, it gained defensive poise points for the upcoming bout and stores up additional stamina. Bruce leaned back in his chair and grabbed a slice of pizza.
“Hey! Ju Ge Lei?” Wong Jung shouted at Bruce. “What are you doing foo’?”
“Fueling up,” Bruce said between bites of pizza. Some cheese dripped onto his leg.
“Get back in the game man,” Wong Jung kicked the frame of his rig and the steel cage contraption rocked. The apartment walls also shook. “Come on man quit playing around.”
Bruce finished the pizza and spun back onto his chair. The steelcage connected and withdrew his chair back into the console.
“Hold on,” Bruce said, “I got something.”
While meditating, the avatar is completely silent. An opponent passed by unaware.


Aharah heard the rustle twenty paces behind her. She remained still. Even with her own visor, she would not show up in meditative stance. And her defensive guard was harder than diamond. A small shape passed by and appeared through Aharah’s visor. The sloppy movement seemed familiar. She followed.
The small shape also used the sands to travel, but she stayed close to the surface. Aharah lurked deeper below, gliding along a magnetic stream of sand. The shape was hiding toward Baltazar’s trap. Aharah decided to herd her toward it. So she followed suit, careful to stay in silent zones, and to use her prey’s movement to hide her own. And as her prey stopped to peek out the sand, Aharah striked. She activated her bubble shield; and as it expanded outward, it vaporized any non-organic material. The perimeter expanded through the dune and caught the opponent and in an instant, all her gadgetry were vaporized: Her shield, guns and knife. Her armor remained; its liquid biological metal shifting to provide defensive posture.
In a split second, the side of the dune was cleaved. A giant spherical hole remained where sand had been. And two enemies, both exposed, locked in combat.
Aharah wasted no breath and drew her stinger. The lazer bullet struck out. The other’s armor expanded to counteract the bullets. It sizzled as outer layers were stripped and melted off. The figure turned to flew. The rest of her liquid armor melded together into a single shield that protected her back. The enemy took off in an arc toward the sky. Aharah take off from the dune and circled out wide. Then she drove in, like a herding dog, stinger zapping, toward the opponent. The other turned quickly and flew the opposite way, toward Baltazar’s trap. Aharah continue to pursue and when she had the other in her view, a dark ray blasted from a nearby dune-top and hit the escapee directly in the front. Unshielded, she took full damage and fell out of the sky, leaving a trail of smoking tendrils.

“We got her!” Wong Jung screamed. He shook his rig and screamed again.
“Nice shot,” Bry said. “Now let’s close it out. 2 v 1, we got this.”
“Easy money now,” Wong Jung said, licking his lips. He switched up his rig so the sensitivity jumped from 0.4 to 0.7.
“Hey man isn’t that a little high?” Bruce said.
“Mind your own business man,” Wong Jung said, “I want to feel the hunt.”
“It’s going to hurt,” Bruce said, shaking his head. “What’s the plan now?”
“The other one’s probably hiding,” Wong Jung said crossing his arms. He set his avatar to defensive meditation. Bruce followed. He unlatched the cage and let his chair out so he could get another slice of pizza. “Pizza?” he asked Wong Jung.
“Nah,” Wong Jung replied, “I’m going to feast after this. Winer winner chicken dinner. Some fried chicken after this…”
Bry shrugged and bit into a slice of pizza. “Pepperoni…,” he shook his head, “the sausage’s all dried up…”
“Hey, hey,” Wong Jung said, “get back. We got something. The other one’s here. You guard the corpse. Don’t let her rez.”
Bryce kicked off the table and glided in an arc across the room back into his rig. The cage snatched the chair and receded it within. Bruce reactivated his visor.
“I see the Lyoness, two hills down, marked,” Bryce said. His avatar marked the target so it showed up in Wong Jung’s view as well.
“That crazy bitch,” Wong Jung said, “she’s requesting a duel.”
Bryce laughed. “Should we rush her?”
“No,” Wong Jung said slowly.
“No?”
“She’s putting up a huge wager… she’s putting up the character.”
Bryce stopped laughing. “That’s wild. But it’s 2 on 1 right now, we have the advantage.”
Wong Jung fiddled around his controls. “Let’s do this. You think we can’t take her solo? C’mon. And we got two chances.”
Bryce thought about it for a second.
“When was the last time you lost a duel, eh?” Wong Jung said. “It’ll be epic. High noon dule on the dunes? What do ya say?”
“I don’t want to do this,” Bryce said, “But, LFG.”
“LFG,” Wong Jung pumped his fist. “I’m accepting the request now.”
“Strat?”
“Pummel her into the ground.” Wong Jung said.
“I think we need a strat. If you sacrifice to cast a curse on her, my chance of killing her is in the 90’s.”
“I got this,” Wong Jung said, “we’re starting.”
The other avatar arrived.

A lion-headed griffin landed on the dune opposite Baltazar and Aharah. The rider wore golden armor engraved with carvings of lions. Her helmet was the the clenched jaw of a lioness roaring.
“Nala,” Aharah said, “I’d expect you to be the one to corrupt the youth.”
“Anais came of her own accord,” the Lyoness Nala said.
“Silence, criminal,” Aharah said, “You have already caused our family too much shame. You’ll come back immediately in chains, or I’ll end you myself and regain us the honor.”
The griffin circled on the dune. Streamlets of sand washed down the sides. Nala raised her spear in defiance, its tip glinting in the sun.
“So be it,” Aharah said. She lifted her own spear out of the sand.
A hand blocked her. Baltazar stepped forth.
“I’ll handle this,” he said.
“But she’s mine,” Aharah protested.
“This is my fault. I’ll take care of this. Your rivalry can wait,” Baltazar said as he levitated upward, then propelled himself further onto the dune opposite Nala. Aharah cursed and lowered her weapon.
Baltazar reached the top of the dune and faced his student.
“Nala, come back with us,” he said.
“Why didn’t you tell us about Esmine?” Nala asked.
“She was not your concern.”
“I made saving your daughter from a water prison my concern when it should have been yours.” Her raised the spear and fired a prismatic laser barrage at Baltazar.


“Why do I feel it in my shoulders more than my chest?” Anais asked as she cringed at the bottom of a push-up.
“Because you’re sagging! Saggier than a wet noodle,” the old man said. He wore his wild white hair in a bun pinned with a striking green needle made of jade. He wore a simple blue tunic with white pants hidden underneath. A black belt held it together. His shoes were flat with simple soles and wide at the toes. He leaned his right arm on a wooden crutch fashioned from a light cedar wood that had been smoothed by hand and oil over many years. His right leg was limp at the knee; his right foot lay motionless on the ground, simulatenously disabled, and waiting like a serpent.
“Master-Sifu Oolong Dao-Su, I have a question,” Anais said as she pushed out of the bottom of another push-up.
“Better form! Better form!” Sifu Oolong Dao-Su said. “Limp student makes fun of a teacher. Plank! Extend through your legs; kick out at the feet!” He struck his cane down. It made a muffled thud on the soft dirty and patchy grass. “Deeper! I want you to touch that grass with the tip of your nose! And keep your heel up!”
Anais did as instructed. She kicked back through her heels and flexed her feet, finding the tension to straight through her whole legt through the knee to the feet. And as this energetic awares arrived at her feet, she resisted the urge to respond; the wave bounced off her feet as if they were the floor and she felt the energy course through her spine and straighten her entire body. Her arms tucked inward and back; and her back felt the sensation of load as weight dispersed across her shoulders through her triceps through her elbows into her flexed hands. She lowered into the push-up, touched the grass on the tip of her nose, and pushed out. She smiled to herself, and huffed out in pride, letting some residue grass pollen get sucked in her nose. Anais stiffed. She inhaled in gasps. She held her sneeze.
“Don’t do it,” she thought.
And she sneezed at the top of her push-up, kicking her forward into the dirty.
Master Oolong Dao-Su shook his head with feigned disappointment and walked away. “Student never listens, always in her own head. What now? What did you want to ask?”
“I’m sorry Master,” Anais said, picking herself back up, “I’d forgotten.” She scratched the dirt off. “I didn’t come for training day, I came to tell you that Nala is coming back.”
Master Dao-Su stopped in his tracks. He pursed his lips, which swept his long white beard back and forward like a bushy waterfall. “It is always good time to be training. Nala knew that.”
“What should I do?” Anais said. She skipped to the side of her teacher and kept pace with him. He planted the cane and swung his body forward effortlessly.
“Do? What do?” He said.
“When I see her, what should I do?”
Master Dao-Su stopped and hit her lightly with the cane on her leg. She yelped.
“What did I say?” Master Dao-Su said, “Student never listen; always in her own head.”
Ahrah rubbed her leg. The pain had already faded but she played it out for sympathy.
“I don’t understand. I should get out of my head?”
“That is obvious,” Master Dao-Su said and resumed his walk.
“And I should…” Anais thought. “Student never listen,” Anais repeated in her mind.
“I should listen,” she said, her voice lightened with a ding.
Master Dao-Su didn’t say anything. He came to a stop at a curve in the path. Two broccoli trees branched out to provide shade and they looked out from the vantage out to a valley that led to the sea. It is afternoon, and the suns were soft, partially obscured by clouds. When the sunlight did shine through, it painted the valley green, orange, and gold. The Fall leaves wore their best colors for a final symphony. Master Dao-Su breathed out and he could see his breath mist in the air.
“It is beautiful,” Anais said.
“Yes—it is beautiful,” Master Dao-Su said.
“Is this what we’re fighting for, Master Dao-Su?” Anais asked.
He shook his head. He gestured to everything around with a wide sweep of his cane.
“What fight? There is no fight,” he snickered.
Anais giggled.
“No, with the empires and stuff,” she asked.
“You’re too young to worry,” he said.
“But everyone around me…” she said.
“Don’t worry about everyone around you. Right now you only have one duty. To be a good student. Later, you’ll be a good student of life. But now, you’re good student of training. You train, not to get ready for war.” He nodded at her. “You train, so you can get better. Prevent war.” And he looked at her.
Anais remained expressionless as she listened to those words. She looked out to the valley as the clouds covered the sky and a shade went out to the sea. And just as quickly, the clouds passed, and colors returned. Surprising to herself, Anais found she missed the cool tones of the shade.


Nala arrived with nine riders. The Captain of the company rode in front. She rode after. The other seven staggered their horses to walk single-filed. The narrow trail wrapped around the cliff. To their left, the sea came into the bay. A large rock hollowed out by the wind sounded like a conch shell. Waves crashed into the rockface. Water sprayed up from the cliff and foam caught their faces. Nala shook it off. She looked to the sky. Cool light bathed her skin. Drizzling rain stunned her eyes. Updrafts of sea spray collected on her lips. The water tasted salty and slightly sweet.
“How long has it been?” the Captain asked. A blade clanked at his side. His horse picked its steps among the broken trail and neighed.
“Six years,” Nala answered.
She looked across the blue waters of the alcove bay to where the trail wrapped around the mountain. The Capital peeked out through the mist. The Dome Palace sat grey and inerty in the background while rings of city streets rolled over the hills.
“How long has it been for you, Captain?” Nala asked.
The Captain looked at her. The young woman sat regally on her horse. She was lightly armored; covered from head to toe in a red garb now darkened by the rain. Bronze-plated toes stuck out. Her heel was spurless. When she kicked her heels against her steed, it moved lazily like a pony.
Her hands were chained to the saddle.
The Captain slowed his horse. The group slowed and came to a stopped. The trail ended. Months of gentle rain had softened the soil and a brief afternoon storm had washed the path out. Mud piled over the cliff onto the beach. The Captain thought it reminded him of an elephant’s foot. He looked the other way. Cat-tails and tall yellow grass ran up the hill. A few gnarled trees remained with their roots exposed where a chunk of earth had been torn out beneath them. That’s probably where a large boulder fell and started the mudslide, the Captain thought.
“Any ideas?” he asked the men.
The veteran talked amongst themselves in a spirited fashion. “The salt smells wrong,” one said, “it lacks vivacity. It’s best we speed on home.”
The young men were hunched over from the rain. They loitered on their horses until one said, “Have the Geomurgist girl fix the road.”
The Captain grinned. He looked at Nala.
She shook her head. “The earth’s too wet. If I pull it up, it’ll never support the weight of the men or the horses.”
“Draw out some of the water,” the Captain said.
“It won’t work,” Nala replied. “Even if I can dry it out, the harder dirt would still skate off the mud.”
“What’s your suggestion?” he asked.
“We wait,” she said. “The rain won’t last more than two days.”
The Captain growled.
“Any other ideas?” he asked the men.
“We could leave the horses,” a veteran said, “swing across using those trees.”
The Captain looked at the misty outline of the city and the grasslands still waiting for them.
“What’s the rush?” Nala joked. She caught herself when the words were out.
The men fidgeted.
“You had asked how long it’s been,” the captain said. He looked at Nala. “It’s been thirty-four years since I was stationed at Uggostal,” he said, his voice lowering.
Nala heard the diminuendo. “You have not stepped foot off that island in thirty-four years?” she asked. An updraft carried sea spray to her face. Nala wiped it away.
“There’s the odd furlough,” the Captain said. “But after a few weeks of raising hell, you’d get bored. Things start to feel foreign. You can’t sleep because you want to get rocked to sleep surrounded by waves. Know no one can get you. Then, the stone walls of Uggostal start to feel more comforting than any woman. And you’d get the itch to go back. ”
Nala listened. The tides sucked in and out of the bay with a whoosh. Small ponds and little crusteaceans revealed themselves. A breath later, the tide swallowed it back.
“You’re also far from home,” she said.
The Captain snickered. “I thought I’d be there three weeks.” He looked her her and the chains around her hands. “What about you? Don’t feel like home either?”
Nala shook her head. “It hasn’t for a while,” she said, her voice cool as the rain and ocean water.
The Captain looked back to the collapsed trail. He looked to the sky, then to his men whose faces held a doreness as they were ready to accept whatever he’d planned.
“We’ll wait,” he said. The Captain moved his horse next to Nala. He held up a key. “Help make camp,” he said and unlocked her cuffs.
Nala rolled her wrists. The rain water felt cool where the metal had made welts on her skin. She smiled and breathed in the air.
She felt a strange pair of eyes on her.
Nala looked up at a branch and spotted a raven. The bird turned its head and Nala stared into its eye. She sensed a familiar, human consciousness looking back. The raven cawed once, and flew away.

[This needs to be converted into sword training with light foils]

In the walled garden of the Jian Empire’s Western Capital, where cherry blossoms drift over lotus ponds and ornate pavilions cast dappled shadows, Anais and Ahrah faced each other across a sparring circle. The training ground, nestled near the palace gates, hummed with the rustle of bamboo and the distant chime of temple bells, evoking the serene sprawl of a long-forgotten Golden Gate Park. Their blunt, thin foils, edges rubbed with oiled paint to mark hits without cutting, gleamed faintly under the diffused light, designed for training post-human girls whose rapid recovery grew sharper with every practiced move.
“Nala’s back,” Anais said to Ahrah. Ahrah twirled her foil, testing its balance. They stood close, mirroring each other, separated by the chalked boundary of the sparring circle. Ahrah flicked her foil in precise arcs, the blade humming as it cut the air. She played with its motion, slicing downward and snapping it back with a twist of her wrist, like a yoyo returning to her hand. She struck again, controlled, deliberate cuts. Her eyes locked on the foil’s tip, noting the faint smear of red paint on its edge. The soft earth muffled each step as she shifted her weight.
“Did you hear me? Nala—” Anais said.
“I heard you,” Ahrah replied. She glanced at her sister. Anais wore a light training skirt and a floral blouse, its hem adorned with pleated strips. “How are you going to move in that?”
Anais looked down at her skirt. “What, this? What do you mean?”
Ahrah tilted her head. “The frills,” she said. Anais glanced over her shoulder at the pleated strips sewn onto her blouse.
“My gills?” Anais said with a smile, her nonchalance meant to needle her sister.
“We’re wasting time, c’mon,” Ahrah said. She stepped back from the circle’s edge and lunged gently, sending a probing thrust toward Anais.
Anais parried the strike with a flick of her foil, redirecting it smoothly.
“What should we do?” Anais asked.
“Do?” Ahrah said. She pivoted, planting her right foot, and twisted her body in a fluid, effortless motion, whipping her foil in a swift arc. The blade sang as it sliced toward Anais, who stepped aside just in time, the painted edge grazing the air where she’d stood.
“Hey!” Anais said. “Light sparring! We’re warming up.”
“We are warming up,” Ahrah said. “You missed it.”
Anais puffed out her chest, planted her feet, and crouched lower, her foil raised. Ahrah drew another foil from her belt—a spare for training—and thrust it gently toward Anais. Anais countered with a smooth, light parry. Ahrah responded with a quick lunge, shallow but sharp, forcing Anais to step forward. Anais parried again, catching the blade a beat after it extended, and Ahrah deflected her counterstrike.
“Do you think she’s mastered Water Absorption?” Anais asked.
Ahrah shook her head. “Impossible,” she said. She thrust her foil again.
“I think she’s done it,” Anais replied.
“Why?” Ahrah asked. She feinted high, her foil darting upward.
Anais stepped back, raising her foil overhead in a graceful arc to deflect the strike. “She promised me she’d be back when it was done,” Anais said, returning a quick thrust.
Ahrah grimaced, holding her breath, and parried flat, her foil meeting Anais’s with a sharp clink. Anais anticipated the move, angling her blade upward to push Ahrah’s strike skyward. Ahrah stepped back, raising her foil overhead, loading her weight onto her back leg. Anais felt a surge of fear—Ahrah was preparing a powerful thrust. The garden seemed to still, the air heavy. Ahrah turned her body sideways, her foil raised high in her right hand like a poised javelin. She tracked Anais’s stance, her eyes narrowing. Anais shifted defensively to the circle’s edge. Ahrah picked her target—a precise spot near Anais’s feet, difficult to counter. She rose onto the balls of her feet, her focus absolute, the world narrowing to the glint of her foil’s painted tip.
A sudden gust swept through the garden, rustling the cherry blossoms and lifting Anais’s skirt. The clouds parted, and a beam of sunlight struck Ahrah’s eyes, blinding her momentarily. Her hearts skipped, her chest tightened. She lunged, a fraction too late.
The foil’s blunt tip, slick with red paint, swiped across Anais’s right cheek, leaving a vivid streak. Anais cried out and dropped to her knees, clutching her face, the paint smearing under her fingers as a stark reminder of the hit.
Ahrah let her foil fall and leaped across the circle. “I’m so sorry,” she said, rushing to Anais, who knelt on the soft earth, hand pressed to her painted cheek. Ahrah reached for her, asking, “Are you alright—”
“Don’t touch me!” Anais shouted, flinging out her arm. A sudden gust, as if summoned, roared through the garden and knocked Ahrah to the ground.

[Add to tension]

[Earth 2069]
[Show that humans are grown and not born anymore via reproduction cycle; start w sex scene of man using his robowife and the sperm joining the Milkman’s deposit. To DNA storage and selection. Readout of the character. “Male, 35, healthy, adpative in the muscular genes…”, ]

Her hips swayed in front of his, naked. Her skin is sweaty, moonlit, and brown. Between beats of “Fuck me” and “deeper,” he wiped his face. Flicks of sweat flew off his fingers. She turned on her back. He can’t feel his knees nor his toes. She wrapped her legs around his waist and moved her weight down to support him. Then she brought him in with her legs.
“I’m close,” he said.
“Give it to me, baby,” she said, “give it to me inside.”
He came and she squeezed her whole body to hold him. She felt the bulging pulse as his sperm shot into a soft capsule inside her.
They panted. He never stopped his motion and kept on grinding. She felt a rush come over her that became as powerful ocean waves. She came and her body convulsed. He held her hand. When she stopped, she sank into the bed. Now he was finding a second wind and arousing himself by moving very precisely at her opening with only a small band of himself. She felt a small quickening as she responded to being entered just a little. Then he moved out. But he came back in, always a little. And like his he teased her and hardened himself until they both exploded again.
He turned to his side. Sweat poured out of him. He wiped his face and she climbed on his side. He let her lay on his shoulder. She tucked his arm under her head and laid on it like a pillow.
He breathed heavily. Feeling her weight on him, he was reminded of the resistance of their bodies and his lungs. He breathed slower. She had already slowed her breath, purring now like a cat, sprawling out. She threw a leg over his body. He adjusted her limb to rest on his hipbones and he tucked it up so her leg was resting on it.
He turned and gave her a kiss. She extended her neck like a kitten with the last ounce of her energy and kissed him deeply and softly with her tongue.
“Is there anything else you’d like me to do for you, Love?” she asked, as she closed her eyes, ready to drift off to sleep.
The little death had already claimed him. He answered with a snore.

“Eve,” he called out. It was Saturday Morning. TV played from the living room. “Eve,” he called again. He was making a sandwich in the kitchen.
“Yea ‘hun” she answered.
“When’s the Milkman coming?” He said. He licked his fingers of mayo. Half of a piece of toast was on the tray in front of him. Baloney, a slice of tomato, and a slice of lettuce stacked on top. He reached into the toaster for another piece of bread and spread more mayo on it.
“Ten-Thirty, dear,” she said.
He poked his fingers into the mayo jar and swirled it. He licked his fingers. The sandwich was now assembled. He took it over to the food processor. The machine was a cube installed into the wall of the kitchen. Like a large oven. He put the food inside and the machine created a replica. He popped the hood open, “Eve,” he said, pushing the hood back with his lower back. “I was thinking, we could go to the park today,” he said.
“That’d be great,” she said. She smiled up at him as he came back from the kitchen, two plates of sandwiches in hand. “Wow, that looks delicious,” she said. The coach she sat on was plush and purple. Their living room was a cosy rectangle. The TV played on the wall oppsite the coach. Meanwhile, all the other walls displayed the stars and constellations.
“Here,” he said, giving her a plate. “Thanks,” she said. She tucked up her legs and he popped down on the counch. She rested her thighs on his turned and watched the TV.
“What’s on the Entertainment?” He asked. He took a bite of his sandwich and squeezed out globules of mayonnaise onto his plate. She took out a napkin and handed it to him.
She didn’t answer.
He looked at the TV. The wall was full of diffused white noise. He wiped his face and took another bite of his sandwich. Then the doorbell rang before he could sink in.
“A minute!” he shouted. He put his plate on the minimal coffee table and went to the door. He opened it and sunlight poured in. He shield his eyes with a hand. His eyes refocused to the friendly and familiar face of the Milkman.
“Howdy!” the Milkman said.
“Howdy,” he said with a grin.
“Looks like you were in the middle of something,” the Milkman said.
“No, now,” he said, “I was just about to sink in. Let me grab the stuff.” He turned and went back into the house. The Milkman waited at the door. He  kicked his feet a bit and whistled. The Milkman heard the rhytmic thumping of feet on stairs.
“Here,” he said, handing the Milkman a glass bottle. The Milkman took it and weight it in his hand. “Impressive, 8 ounces. From one night’s work?” The Milkman pursed his lips and nodded his head.
“Yea that’s why I wanted to give it to you personally,” he said.
“They would be very happy, great work. Tell Eve I said hi for me,” the Milkman said. He carefully wrapped the glass bottle with a piece of felt and put it back into his canvas bag with a few other parcels like it.
“Tell Ted I said hi too,” he said. The Milkman tipped his hat and made his way to the next house. He closed the door and rushed back to the couch. She had finished her sandwich.
“Do you want another one before I finish mine?” he said.
“No —— get over here you’re missing it.” She said.
He hopped over the back of the couch and popped onto the couch. They twisted around until he was big spoon she was small spoon and the sanwich was in reach.
“Can you make yourself warmer?” he said.
“Of course,” she replied. Her system drew from her internal battery and warmed up her skin. She nudged herself playfully into him and shook her hips.
He took and bite of his sandwich. His vision blurred and the pixels on the wall congealed into a desert, sweeping and red.


[Hassan — Nala’s return in chains]

After the rain had cleared and the earth had dried, the nine from Uggostahl made their way past the mudslide bank and rounded their way out of the dipping trail circumnavigating the bay. Nala was back in cuffs. She sat on her horse as the creature plodded along an uphill climb, each step kicking up puffs of pollen from the nearby grass.
They came to a vantage point, from where Nala could see the Dome Palace and the city gates. The Captain shook his head. He pointed up the trail where it becomes narrower: “We go up that way,” he said. Nala looked at the backtrail then looked at the broadway backhome. The Captain shook his head again. The morning suns were coming out; a cool Autumn day.

Anais waited by the pillar of the city gates. The traffic was scarce, only a few traveling merchants and their carts. The guards did not speak. Anais stooped down and poked at the brown earth on which an army of ants were doing their work.
She swept the ground back and forth with a stick. She made little abutments for the ants, and before long, she had lost the time and when Ahrah tapped her shoulder, she had made a labyrinth for the insects.
“What are you doing here?” Ahrah asked.
“Nala,” Anais said, “she’s nearby.”
Ahrah looked by the gates. It was a flat plain as far as the eye could see. “Doesn’t seem like anyone’s coming this way,” she said.
“How would you know?” Anais said and they both let the question hang in the air. Ahrah turned to leave.
“Wait,” Anais said. Ahrah stopped.
“Do you remember that trip to the lake?” Anais asked.
Ahrah nodded.
“What did you say to her?” Anais said.
“How do you mean,” Ahrah asked. A swift wind swept by. In the distance, the field of grass glimmered where the reeds bent and their waxy side caught the sunlight.
“When we were at lake…” Anais said, “…before she left; You asked her something. What did you ask?”
“I asked her why was she going to Uggostahl,” Ahrah answered.
“Then you got angry and went back to the house,” Anais said.
“I wasn’t angry,” Ahrah snapped. Her cloak fluttered.
“And what did she say?” Anais said. She looked at Ahrah who drew her cloak closer.
“She said she — I asked her when she’d be back.”
“What did she say?” Anais said. She stood up and patted off some dirt.
Ahrah shrugged. “I forget,” she said.
Anais looked into the distance. A group of riders were coming up. “It’s her!” she shouted. She wiped her hands on her sides. Her posture straightened, and unconsciously, she raised herself on her heels. The blur of the distant group sharpened and it was a regular caravan coming into the city. “Oh,” Anais said. She dropped back to her heels and her body as if deflating bent forward.
“I know where she is—” Ahrah said.
Anais snapped a look at her. “I knew it. You feel it too.”
“I saw Baltazar and Master-Sifu go up the hill.”
“You saw?” Anais asked.
“I followed them,” Ahrah said. She looked down.
“And?”
“There’s two ways into the city,” Ahrah said. She tilted her head at the broadway into the city. “That. And…”
“The cliffside!” Anais yelled. “Come with me,” she said as she grabbed Ahrah’s wrist. Ahrah snatched her hand back but Anais had already taken off like a pony running into the wilderness. Ahrah followed her sister.

The great blue mirror of the bay sat in the basin walled by cliffs. A narrow trail wrapped around the cliff and snaked its way up. At the top, it bent into a broader dirty path that lead past a sight: a legion of one hundred soldiers were carved from marble and stood on the field overlooking the cliffs. Anais and Ahrah snuck through the statues, ducking between their legs to remain out of sight.
“You’re so loud,” Ahrah said. Anais shushed her.
They reached the soldier on the edge of this marble army. Anais tucked herself near its feet, panting. Ahrah came behind her. Shuffling footsteps came and Ahrah shoved Anais’s head down as they both went prone on their bellies. Just as they thought they were silent and hidden, a voice said.
“What are you girls doing?”
They both jumped.
They looked back and the familiar face of Master-Sifu Oolong Dao-Su, who was kneeled on the ground beside them, resting on his cane, and every serious as they.
Ahrah looked at her sister and back at their mentor-teacher.
“We’re waiting for… Nala’s reception.” Ahrah said for both of them. Anais nodded.
The sifu stroked his beard. He mumbled and growled.
“What makes you think it’s here?” the sifu said.
Anais was about to answer when Ahrah checked her to stop. “So you don’t deny she’s coming back?” Ahrah said.
The master pouted his lips and nodded. He raised an eye at his students. Then, he winked back toward where they were looking, at the entrance to the trail that wrapped around the cliff. The girls turned back, just as a large armored figure riding a horse turned the corner. He was followed by a female in cloth armor. The girls gasped.
“That’s her!” Anais said. Ahrah got beside her.
The band of men extended around the corner, each stepping with weight. They wrapped around, appearing more and more like a caterpillar, until the last man rounded the corner and the many-legged thing traveled up the trail together. They looked left: a gentle incline toward a palaza. Anais [the driver of this scene]  motioned them forward. She ducked under the statue and made her way, crawling, by well manicured hedges. She could see the group through the branches of the trees.
Anais sped along and arrive at the top of the hill unseen. The newly arriving group from Uggostahl grunted. Their luggage thumped along the belly of their horse. Their weapons clanged. The leader, the Captain, always rode tall. He motioned come-hither with his left hand and a boy soldier, scrawny with a helment slightly loose, ride up the left side of the troop. He came to the Captain and he unfurled a flag from his pouch. The Captain nodded, and the boy flew the flag up on a staff his horsed had also carried. Anais looked back and saw sifu next to her. Ahrah was hidden behind a hedge, waiting for the troop to pass. Then she moved. Anais motioned again and blending with the criss-crossed shadows of the hedge plants, she guided them up and around. There, they waited. In the center of the palaza was a fountain flowing splendidly with patterns of jets and geisers. A flower—made of a metal that changed its shine between gold and silver—bloomed at the base of the fountain. Beyond, nine darkly cloaked and heavily armored units stood with a tenth, a tall, implacable figure at the front, taller than any of them by a head, with shoulders wide like a stone wall, stone face for a mask and stone gloves; Baltazar stood facing the Uggostahl emissaries.


[At the Water School of Uggostahl]

“What we teach you at the Water School is not facts, but our way of thinking. Hoping, to promote, the generalized idea of new ways of thinking, and becoming adapted to them in the future. Is there a question?”
There was a long pause.
A hand went up. The hall was silent. Twelve bonfires lit the perimenter in a circle. The netted pattern of light reflecting off the water projected onto the students sitting in a ring around the Headmaster. He stood on water in a pool in the center.
The students looked at the raised hand. A Shakyan girl—black hair and dark skin that shined like obsidian in the dim light.
“Question?” the Headmaster said.
“When do we learn to kick some ass?” she said. The hall erupted in laughter. The Headmaster snapped his hand. The water rippled. The students immediately became silent.
The Headmaster walked to the edge of the pool. Ringlets of water expanded in the wake of his steps. He looked at the girl. She closed her mouth and swallowed some spit down her throat. An invisible burp also came up.
“How about right now?” the Headmaster said.
The girl leaned forward and swallowed some more spit down her throat. Her blood felt both freezing and boiling. The Headmaster raised an eyebrow and the girl sat back.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“Sorry for what?” the Headmaster asked.
“My insolence,” she replied and lowered her head. “I didn’t mean to.”
“So why did you?” the Headmaster asked.
The girl remained silent. The room remained silent. Suddenly the room felt hot. She felt the heat of the bonfires that had felt so far away. And the glaring of a hundred pair of eyes also heated her up. They were enjoying this. Some of them were smiling. She felt a bead of sweat drip down her temple and fall on her ear. The air was hot and humid. She kept to her breath as more sweat trailed down her head and neck. She kept her best from shaking.
The Headmaster stepped back and returned to the center of the pool. His black, silk robe swayed near his shins. He looked around the ring of students. Most averted their gaze when his came.
“What is the quality of the element of Water?” he asked.
“It is fluid,” a student answered.
The Headmaster nodded. The students collectively sighed in relief.
“And when a fluid meets a force, what happens?”
“It is absorbed into the body of water,” another student said, his voice braver and more confident than the first.
The Headmaster nodded. “And why is that?”
“Because the force exerted by the object will be equal to the force exerted by the water back toward the object.”
“Meaning?” the Headmaster asked.
There was the sound of motion as the students thought about the question. One student raised his hand, then quickly withdrew it. The Headmaster remained silent.
One student raised his hand to speak. His voice was shaky when he started. “The force at the point of impact when the object hits the water will be equal. Say, a 10N objecting hitting a body of water will receive 10N of force back onto itself.” The student finished in one breath. He inhaled deeply, as another student jumped in— “Meaning, that object is hitting itself with its own weight.”
The Headmaster nodded.
“So, does the water merely absorb the object?” the Headmaster said.
“No, the water smashes the object first with its own weight first, then it takes in what’s left,” a student said.
The Headmster nodded. “Welcome done class,” he said, “that concludes the first day. You’ll be assigned your rooms and training partners. Meet tonight near sundown at the Great Hall for your initiations.” The Headedmaster sank into the pool below and was whisked away by an underwater current. The students waited until he had gone and filed their way out of the stone amphitheather.

[Nala meets Ba’Sha]

“Uggostahl is responsible for Vat Thirteen,” a sign lit overhead. The initiation room is a vast chamber with a flat pool of water in the center. Nala nudges BaSha with a flick of her brow. BaSha saw a ring of silver buoys floating in the water. There’s a large net beneath the water.
“Uggostahl is responsible for Vat Thirteen,” the Headmaster restate the sign above. The children, one hundred of them, shuffled uneasily. Nala and Ba’Sha stood in the back in the loose gatherings.
“What does that mean?” the Headmaster said. “You must be wondering. You must be wondering about Uggostahl. Understanding the art and science of Water Absorption. And perhaps most of all, you’re wondering, why?” The Headmaster looked around. The students met his gaze with humble blank faces.
“You do not ask Why?” The Headmaster raised his voice. The water’s surface rippled slightly. “Do I have a room full of fools?” He snapped. The students shrugged from his yell. The water’s surface also spiked with them.
The Headmaster looked to a girl close to him. “You, why are you here?”
She looked around her at the others, and said, “I was sent here to study the Way of the Water.”
“Are you here for yourself?” the Headmaster asked.
The girl hung her head. She shook to say no.
“Then why are you here?” the Headmaster asked.
“Because my family would kick me out,” the girl said. A few others nodded in the cluster.
A boy volunteered. “I am here because if I can master Water Absorption—then I can help my family and my nation’s cause.”
The Headmaster nodded. The students made way for him as he walked to the boy. He put his hand upside-down on the boy’s shoulder, then he moved it over the boy’s head onto the other shoulder and let it rest.
“And what is that cause?” the Headmaster said.
“Survival,” the boy answered.
The Headmaster nodded, and he indicated to an attendant in the crowd. The attendant went to the boy and hung a small green pendant around his neck. His chest puffed up.
“Survival,” the Headmaster said. He looked around at the students. Some of them kept his gaze. Others looked confusedly at the boy who had answered and received the pedant. Nala and Ba’Sha remained in the back, blocked from view.
The Headmaster’s face grimaced as he pulled his fists through the air. “I don’t feel it!” he said. The students stiffened. The Headmaster turned and  motioned with his hands. The children looked toward where he pointed. A great wall wrapped around them, and fastened high on its side on sturdy beams and stilts was a control room. The operator interpreted the Headmaster’s signal and translated it as command to the room. The stadium hummed.
“What do you know about the ecology of our planet? Who is the apex predator?” the Headmaster said.
No one spoke.
“You!” the Headmaster said, indicating to a student. “I asked you.”
The boy shook. “I don’t know.”
The Headmaster shook his head. “Is it us?”
The boy shook his head.
The Headmaster looked around.
“It is the Chimera,” Nala spoke up. “Followed by the Deathless, then the Mutants. And us.”
The Headmaster looked to her direction as the students parted from his gaze.

[What’s in the pool? A Mutant?]

[Experimental pivot: high tech; humanity is fighting a war on all fronts on Hassan. The protagonists are about 13 because that’s the amount of training they can get before being sent out on the field. Because there is so much dying, the cloning project can’t keep up with the demand of the wars. All the ones above 13 are dead. During peace times, the clone army ages up.
Show training. How to integrate kung fu with extreme high tech? A network of soldiers who manage deployed AI units on the battlefield? The humans are superhuman in strength, speed, agility, and recovery. They can see better, and their senses are better. They can send each other glimpses of the battlefield that alerts to enemy movement or positioning. Yet, the enemy are still stronger.]

The Headmaster said, “Look at this.”
A duck was let loose onto the pond. It waddled only three feet forward when it was snatched underneath the water. The assailant was invisible. The crowd was stunned. The surface of the water remained still.
The Headmaster motioned to the operator. A machine arm with a barrel of fish was dumped into the water. The students watched the morsels sink, leaving trails of pink water. The chunks were snatched out of the water one by one. They still could not see.
The Headmaster said, “Hoist the net.” The gears of a crane high above ground into action. The ring of silver buoys floated higher until they were lifted into the air. The net rose with them. And at the bottom of the net a thing cradled in the air. They could not see it well. The Headmaster made another motion and thousand volts of electricity ran through the net. The creature screamed and revealed itself. Its camouflage burned off by the electricity. It was an Octopus-Man. Its tentacled hands gripped around the net and its beaked stomach snipped at the net.
The students recoiled in terror and shock. Some vomited. The Headmaster crossed his arms and looked at the thing with disgust. He took out a gun from his holster, aimed, and fired. The blast took off the thing’s head and it collapsed in the net. The Headmaster reloaded his laser-round.
“What is that monstrosity,” a student asked, shaking. Another beside him fell to the ground, weak at his knees. A girl screamed.
“That—is what we’re fighting against to survive,” the Headmaster said. “Attention!”
The students stiffened and stood straight up in salute position, even the ones who had collapsed on the ground.
“A sorry bunch as I’ve ever seen you,” the Headmaster said. He spat. “And you come here thinking you were going to learn some kung fu? Well, I’m going to teach you some real kung fu. I’m going to teach you demolition. How to blow shit up. Do you understand?” the Headmaster said.
“Yes, Headmaster!” They said.
“Headmaster-Sergeant!” He said.
“Yes, Headmaster Sergeant!” They said.
The Headmaster then turned and aimed at the body of the collapsed octopus-man.
“What you have to understand about this enemy,” he said, taking aim, “is that it has many heads.” The Octopus-Man reawakened in the net, its neck still a headless stump. The Headmaster unloaded all of his rounds into the creature's center until it was a cavern of churned flesh. Then, the Headmaster unclipped from his belt a grenade. He held the grenade in the air, saying “Tactical grenade. Sticks on target. 3 second fuse. Press to prime, hold to cook. Throw when ready,” the Headmaster said. He threw the grenade at the creature in the net. The thing with a hole in its center was still moving, twisting around the net like a vine. The grenade landed at the center, then after a second, detonated. The creature and the net were vaporized. The explosion sent a shockwave over the pond. The students covered their ears and stood their ground.
“That is an Octopus-Man,” the Headmaster said. “He is a mutant. Although he may have the shape of a man, that is a false image. He is a creature made completely foreign DNA, a descendent of the octopi. The expression of human features is a mutation and adaptation. Notice how they appear human only in impression. When you look closer, it’s just knobs and ridges on their skin. It’s a form of cartilage that has evolved in specific arrangements to appear human.”
“How do they know what a human face looks like,” a student asked.
The Headmaster laughed. A few students laughed as well. “You should go for Intel,” the Headmaster said, “Or Espr. — Now, that’s a good question. We don’t know. Our best theory is that the Octopi have sense perception through contact with drowning victims. They use this map of their face to create these… features. There’s too much we don’t know. They could have developed an eye. They could see us from the water. Or out of it. That’s a theory.”
“Sir, these creatures are terrifying. But how do they present a threat to us in the larger picture?” a student asked.
The Headmaster led all the students away from the pool and the net. A clean-up crew was already running down from the sides.
The Headmaster weaved the group through a few large drums used for collecting sea water for study. And he took them then to the entrance of a pier. There were two layers of security. They stepped out onto the pier and the Headmaster took them to the edge. There were barriers on the side of the pier. The pier itself was made of solid concrete. Around there there were many contact mines resting like tacks on the sand. In the distance, cliff guns activated. Twelve moved around and trained their sights on the ocean.
The sun was going down and as the sun set, they came out of the sea. Waves and waves of Mere-Men and Octopus-Men. Mutants of the sea that have grown intertwined with human features. This festival of gore paraded up from the bank of the ocean as the cliff guns released. Twelve chains of rapid holy fire rained down on the beachhead and the air puffed with pink smoke as the dwindling dark pulsed like a night club between white and black, strobing.

[This aesthetic feels wrong for Hassan; It’s a Dune rip-off. Veer off and go back to answering: Hassan shows advanced technology that had been forgotten. It feels Medieval from Nora. Therefore, I ought to write about technology in the subtlest sense—Hassan should be more Journey than Dune. Journey—far future. What makes it feel mystically futuristic? And not just magic? The physics of flight. Gravity. The doors are opened by a switch. The mechanized snakes with lasers fit the scene and were a big surprise. Lack of weapons. Write an action scene that is in the style of Hassan. Inspired by Dune, LoTR, Journey, etc. Levels 1-5: Sound, syntax, image, idea, emotion]


[Nala’s return]

[Sound—wind on leaves
Syntax—muted and generous
Image—The anxiety of reunion
Idea—How “failure” is acknowledged is most important in how it is received and used by us, not others.
Emotion—??? Bittersweet?]

[Write a bath scene]

Nala sighed in the bath. A pool of heated water gave off clouds of steam. She moved her hand in the water. Her swollen cheek pulsed with pain. Nala fetched an iced towel from a tray and pressed it against her jaw. Her feet relaxed and floated up in the water. A ladle operated by a simple, automated machine, scooped the water out to sample it. Nala felt the gentle tug of suction near her feet. Somewhere below there was a small drain.
The steam clouded the room. The ceramic walls also lined with sweat. A still cold pool in the center gulped as someone ducked their body in. Nala exhaled. The steam parted a bit before merging back. She let go of the cold towel and swam next to a statue of a cherub pouring a jug of water. Nala tilted her head beneath it and the jug tilted a bit more to pour water on Nala’s head. It is warm. A servant, fully dressed and masked, edged near the pool and asked Nala if she’d like to have her hair washed. Nala nodded. She leaned back against the side of the pool, her back against the side. Then she leaned her head back. The servant had fetched a scented and oiled wooden basin that cupped Nala’s head perfectly. The servant then sat cross-legged near Nala’s head and gently rubbed her hair. The servant poured a few dabs of oil into Nala’s hair and massaged her scalp with her hands. Nala sighed and sank back more. Her body is encased in warm embrionic fluid and her scalp is having fingernails ran through it; she caught herself drifting off.


[Nala’s return]
Her hands were in chains. Anais looked on, shocked.
“What’s the matter,” Ahrah asked beside her. The hedge hid them from the rendezvous. And Master-Sifu Oolong had disappeared somewhere along their scrumble on the trail.
Anais pointed with a look. Ahrah also saw. She gasped in surprise then was quick to hide it.
“Come on,” Anais said, “Let’s get a better look.”
Ahrah stared at the calvalry a moment longer then followed Anais.
“Why is she in chains?” Anais asked.
Ahrah wondered. She had been envious of Nala’s departure, so many years earlier for training meant she would be that much further ahead. However, it seemed now Nala had gone backward.
Anais lead them around the fountain. Ahrah had to grip her hand to keep her back. They leaned in to hear the conversation.
Baltazar was cloaked entirely in black except for golden dress pauldrons. His mask was shiny and black. His fists were stowed away in large, padded gloves, also black. His figure with its broad shoulders was like a black hole in the middle of the exchange. On the other side, the Captain rode up and gave him a salute.
“Heirarch Baltazar,” the Captain said, “We’ve come to deliver your ward as you’d requested.”
Nala stirred in her seat. Her hood covered her head. The chains clinked like bells. Breeze rustled through the leaves in accompaniment. The terraced, green canopy of the brocolli trees swayed, and the webs of shadow on the ground also swayed.
“Why is she covered?” Baltazar asked, “Is she covering from shame?”
“Not shame. From the rain,” Nala said. She lifted her hood. Her black hair was tied together in a rope. It had grown to reach her waist. Her face was thinner and paler than six years ago.
Anais swelled with tears. Ahrah dragged back her wrist to reminder her to stay still.
Baltazar looked at Nala, who looked back unflinching. The Captain allowed this unspoken contact to go on, until he finally coughed.
“Heirarch, if you may, my men are tired and ragged from the trip and long to return home. Could we exchange prisoners and be on our way?”


[Maybe at Uggostahl, Nala freed a Hanuman?]


[Should Nala return from TuAn instead? Is this mixed elemental thing not worth it? Is it productive? “I never fit in there,” Nala.]


Anais was surprised that she did not feel more. She saw her sister in front of her, the figure whom she had admired endlessly in her youth. Now her sister was sitting hunched, —guant—, in her seat bowed over the horse. She looked sickly as the miserable raincoat she had on, damp to the fiber.
Nala sat, she took a breath. Baltazar was standing before her. His figure large and imposing, casting a large shadow, towering over his own men. Nala took in a deep breath. She swallowed a small bit of spit as she prepared to speak. Relax your face, suck in your cheeks, she reminded herself; Breath out, and speak your mind. Do not be afraid of him. Do not be intimated.
“Now that I’ve taken off my hood,” Nala said, “is it not fair for you to take off yours?”
Baltazar’s head swiveled slowly to look at Nala. The Captain coughed, and looked away.
“Fair?” Baltazar said. “What do you speak of fair?”
Nala felt chills. She had spoken out of turn and missed.
“The only unfairness I see is that we get back one traitor,” Baltazar said, “and the Shakyan-Jia Empire loses one valuable prisoner. If it were not for your Auntie—I would not have made this trade.”
Nala feel hot with shame. Her head inadvertently curled up. The points of her ears stinged. Her breath shortened.
Hidden behind the wall of the fountain, Anais dug for a feeling of warmth. A sympathetic heartstring perhaps—but, she felt a mild surprise at her nonplussness. Was she apathetic to Nala’s plight? Anais looked at Ahrah. Ahrah’s face seemed bored, even more than usual, as if she had to endure this scene. It would be too embarrassing for Nala if no one cared about her, Anais thought, eventhough I don’t know how to feel… it seems Ahrah will not receive her sympathetically. Then let me be different from her—let me show kindness to Nala. And let me examine my feelings. Anais hid herself better behind the fountain. Only her eyes peer out over the basin of the fountain; and the geyser, in their merrifluous way, twirled. The garden was catching new morning sun after the week’s rain. Over the hedge, bees and beetles settled onto waxy green leaves. The smell of newly watered grass drifted into their ears. Ahrah stooped lower, and covered her nose. She sat leaning against the fountain, facing away from them. She pricked up her ear.
“Now, Heirarch. Where is our “Prisoner” in exchange?” The Captain said.
Baltazar motioned withed his finger. The guards separated and brought out a chest, which was heavy and needed two to hold. The Captain got off his horse and strode forward. He bowed and swiped his armored cap from head cross his chest to his shoulder. The soldiers brought the chest forward. The chest unsealed itself. The invisible lock unclasped and the lid of the chest parted in an micro-seam; the lid levitated up. The Captain motioned for one of his men, and the young boy who held the flag ran up. The boy grabbed the levitating lid and held it to his chest. It sagged in his arms; It was heavier than he’d thought.
The Captain looked in. It was a golden dagger. He smiled.
“This is our trade?” The Captain asked.
Baltazar nodded.
The Captain held out his hands to the dagger. He paused and looked at Baltazar, who motioned with a nod. The Captain took the dagger in his hand. He examined it. The blade was fined honed and sharpened. Thick at the base and triangular at the tip, it was good for cutting, held in the hand loosely with the blade up. It was good for shiving, with the handle firmly gripped and the entire body throwing its weight into the blade in punchy, upward stabs. The Captain turned the dagger down in his hand; It was good weight to use as a guard blade, and good paired with a longer, thin blade.  He pivoted in place, stepping onto his back leg. He moved the blade in a figure-8 motion, testing its bounce in his hand and his own weight. Satisfied, the Captain turned the blade carefully on its side and held it with both hands. He looked at the dagger. The hilt was carved from ancient redwood and oiled over centuries. Three jewels: red, orange, and green were embedded in its hilt. Three more jewewls: purple, blue, grey, were embedded in the thick back of the blade. One more jewel, a red ruby, was embedded in the bottom of the hilt. A small red sash hung from the hilt.
The blade caught the sunlight. Its surface was mirror clear. The Captain caught his own eyes. But this was not the power of the dagger at all, He thought; This is no mere decorative jewelry.
“One moment,” the Captain said to Baltazar; “Let us verify the item.”
“You don’t trust us?” Baltazar said. The Captain caught the joke underneath the flat demeanor. He smiled and snickered, while motioning his man to come forward. A man, middle-aged, wearing the same damp outfit they all did, rode forward. He slowed beside the Captain and got off his horse. The man took the blade in his hand and closed his eyes in concentration. The Captain stepped back.
The gentle hairs of rain around them slowed. Then stopped. Water droplets collected into balls without gravity to pull them long.
The Captain contained his excitement. “Go on,” he encouraged. The man deepened his concentration; the sound of his breath grew louder and steadier. The fountain stopped spewing water. All the collected water from the geyser flowed upward. All the water in a sphere around them collected toward the top. And gently, the water flowed down in the outline of a door. The man inhaled a large breath. He grunted. Water weaved in elaborate patterns and the door sustained. The Captain walked forward and hovered his hand over it. He peeked at Baltazar and his men who stood on the side of this fence of water.
The Captain signaled to the man, who last out a breath and hunched over. The door of water melted and all the water dumped out of the air. The guards brought up their shields. The Captain gathered his cloak. A ball of water crashed around them. Baltazar flung his cape and water arched off it. “Is this enough, Captain?” He said.
The Captain looked down. His hands clutched his hip. He exhaled. The aqualugist he had brought was not strong enough to hold the door, The Captain thought. And it was be the utmost of embarrassment to ask the jailers to help them.
“And I trust that the prisoner is in the other realm?” the Captain asked.
“You have my word,” Baltazar said.
“Not the Emperor’s?” the Captain asked.
“This is not an official state exchange,” Baltazar replied.
The Captain smiled. He knew when he was under leverage. “Very well,” the Captain said, “please take your esteemed ward back.” The Captain motioned and his men stepped away from Nala. She walked forward to the Captain.
“Got you back home,” he said; “All I promised.”
“Thank you, Captain,” Nala replied.
The Captain touched the cuff around Nala’s hands and it released. The metal reworked itself into an iron bar. The Captain threw it at the boy who caught it, almost dropping the lid.
“You can let that go!” The Captain snapped at the boy. He put the iron bar into a fold in his waist belt and set the lid on the ground.
“Not there!” The Captain cried. The boy picked it up and put it back on the chest. The Captain sighed.
Nala moved her hands around to warm up her freed wrists. She took in a breath and mindful of her steps, walked toward Baltazar. She set balled her hands loosely into fists as she strode past the soldiers. She stopped short of Baltazar.
Nala raised her head slightly and stared at his chin. She heard his loud breathing under the armor.
“A gateway lost because of you,” Baltazar said, his voice shook Nala. She recovered from her flinch and stood ready to take a blow. “I’ll deal with you later,” he said. “Get out of my sight.”
Nala bowed her head and joined the soldiers. Four of them formed a pocket for her. She looked at them. They wore light combat armor. Visors covered their eyes and masks concealed their faces.

Anais woke up. [The device used on Anais is allowed]
Where am I now? She thought. Why was Ahrah… and Nala… was someone injured? She murmured to herself. She grasped at a thought; Mind and matter exchange freely. She remembered her sister’s words from the dream—but not as words—more as sounds. Mind and matter exchange freely. Exchange freely.
The room folded back into view. Aharah distilled into being in front of Anais. She lurched to her side and vomited.
“Are you alright?” Aharah asked.
“What happened to me?” Anais said.
“You went through!” Aharah said. She was joyous. Anais was shocked. Aharah would react indifferent.
“I went through?” She said.
Aharah beamed. She nodded.
“Where…” Anais said. She looked around. She lurched forward again and threw up.
Aharah putted her on her back. “It’s okay,” she said.
I went through, Anais thought. She looked around; boxes, packed; shoes, cleanly in stacks and filled with wooden shoe-fillers. A cabinet, with rows of plastic files; a machine in the shape of a box that sat idle on top of it. Books; Many, many books all around and roses. Great hills of golden wheat and giant summers blooming large as they do in Summer. Is that a painting? It is a window, to the “outside”, she thought. Where is in?
Great pillars rose to the top of the ceiling which was very high. Great cream-colored drapes folded near the edge of a large, panoramic window bowed toward the outside. A plant, large with leaves like elephant’s ears sitting on bamboo. More books. Heavy wooden tables with repeating bars in the design.
Why are the details so pointed, Anais wondered.
“Settle,” Aharah said. She sat down next to Anais. “What do you remember?”
A gate, “A gate, made of water that rained from the sky,” Anais said, “and a convoy. Nala was riding in second, she was in chains.”
Aharah nodded. “What else?”
“What else…” Anais said. She wiped her mouth with a hankerchief handed to her by Aharah. She thanked her.
“Baltazar… Nala… Master-Sifu Oolong Dao-su… a dagger, oh a dagger!” Anais said.
“What were you able to see?” Aharah asked.
“That’s all I could see through the keyhole,” Anais said. “They didn’t open the gate. They couldn’t. The aqualist the soldiers brought wasn’t strong enough.”
“And this happens tomorrow?” Aharah asked.
Anais nodded.
“Does this make you feel strange?” Aharah asked.
Anais reacted instinctively. “No,” she said, “I sensed that Nala was coming back. I did not expect the vision to be so clear… this time.”
“Should we tell Baltazar?” Aharah said.
Anais shook her head. “No— he looked at me. He already knew.”
Aharah sighed. “Do you think we’ve lost the war?”
Anais shook her head. She did not want to contemplate the facts.
“They say she’s a deserter,” Aharah said. “That she freed a prisoner.”
Anais listened.
“I’m tired,” she answered, “let what happens tomorrow happen and we’ll…” she didn’t know how to finish.
Aharah scoffed. “Good plan,” she said. They went to sleep.

The soldiers closed in Nala and marched her forward.
Anais knew this moment. She had seen so clearly; eventhough her aquamancery had left her sick overnight. How strange to be back again, she thought. And how strange and accurate this dream had prepared… me, she thought. How gradiose of me to think a dream could speak to me—yet, this moment is truely happening.
“Stop,” Baltazar said. They stopped. “She is still a princess of the Jian, after all. Show her the proper dignity.”
The guards made space and waited for Nala to walk first. Then they followed her in formation. Baltazar turned and mounted his great steed. He looked even larger on a horse like a great mountain. “Stonewall,” they had called him, Anais thought. I’m no longer surprised. Aharah edged up closer and tapped her on her shoulder. Anais looked over.
We should leave, Aharah mouthed silently.
Anais nodded and they turned and slunk away with Aharah in the lead.

“When are you going to see her?” Aharah asked.
“Why me?” Anais said, “Why only me—I meant to say.”
They were in their room. The moons were out. Anais leaned over from her dresser mirror and counted. Three moons. I wonder if Nala had a clearer view of the moons at Uggostal. The ocean is flatter than the mountain after all. Anais thought. “What a strange thing to think”, she further murmured to herself.
“She left us here—with Baltazar,” Aharah said. Her voice was even and calm, like the ocean’s surface on a cloudless moon-lit night. And, like the ocean, energy tumbled beneath the surface. She took her blade down and sat by the window. She took the blade out of the sheath and oiled the edge with a rag. She fetched a stone from a pouch near the scabbard and sharpened the blade.
“Show-off,” Anais said, shaking her head. She loosened her hair, and pull it up, hair bands still in her hand. She turned in the mirror and tried tying the hair different ways. “Is this too much?” Anais asked loudly.
“You’re trying too hard,” Aharah said.
Anais looked at Aharah sitting by the window. The blackness of the forest looked back. Guard lanterns shined like single fireflies. She shook her head. How am I to react? She thought; I’ve never learned how to greet a lost family member. Should I show gravity? Or should I be emotional? Do I need to cry? “Should I cry?” Anais asked Aharah.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Aharah replied. She put the blade back into its sheathe and set it by her feet. She curled up, hands over her knees. The wind blew in from the window. “Ought we dim our light? Anyone can see us out there.”
Anais shook her head. She flipped the dresser mirror; it turned on its stile. “Does it look like there’s anyone out there?”
Aharah sighed. “What are we doing here?”
“What do you mean?” Anais said, “What do you mean, tonight,” she said with a joke. Alom—could I not even joke tonight?
“Should we go see her now?” Aharah said. “What are we waiting for?”
Anais felt her back tighten. Her blood felt cold for a moment. “Tonight? Now?” She said.
“Now,” Aharah said, rising up slightly. Her back straightened and blocked Anais’s view of the window. She looked like a shadow puppet framed against the black canvas outside. Anais went to their lamp and carefully with a hand, waved in a circle around the light. It dimmed. Anais blew at it and the light turned a degree warmer in tone. She walked from the lamp to her bed and sat down with a thump.
Anais sighed. Aharah waited in the dimmer darkness. She looked outside. They fixed the tiles. And we haven’t received our punishedment. Yet.
“Do you think we’re losing the war?” Aharah asked.
“Don’t talk like that,” Anais said. “We can’t be losing the war. We can lose the war.”
“Do you think Nala really deserted?” Aharah said.
“Nala wouldn’t,” Anais said, sitting back and lying on her bed.
“That’s what they say,” Aharah said.
“What they say… “ Anais said. They only gossip, Anais wanted to say, they only focus on the petty things… on their minor podiums… Anais remembered that phrase, “their minor podiums”, Nala had told her that. On the dock of the lake that day she said: “You have the potential to be truly great.” Do I?
Anais had not said anything then, she couldn’t. All she could do was bask in the glow of the complement, Having had many moments to reflect since then, Anais had this growing realization. I do. She thought. Is this pride? A delusion? Anais sighed. The breath sat loudly in their room then effervesced.
“What are you thinking about?” Aharah asked.
“Nala said something…” Anais said, closing her eyes a bit. “I forget…” she yawned. Her words trailed off and could not be heard.
Typical, Aharah thought. How does she fall asleep so quickly—Aharah sighed. How do I fall asleep? “Anais?” she called out, testing. Her sister slurred unintelligiblely from dreamland then purred. Aharah tucked herself back into a ball with her arms around her legs and her chin on her knees. The light annoyed her. She swiped her hand through the air and it turned off. The room was dark now and the three moons painted a silver scene of the palatial park outside. The trees were tipped in silver; the lake and the polished stone paths too; The ponds with their koi glowed. The wall wraps around to the guard tower, and the bottom of the spire is thirty feet in diameter, the door next to it is bolted shut from the inside, the guards come every three hours and they exchange at the bottom of the steps, it is thirty seconds to sprint across the courtyard. And a leap. Careful of the landing. The tiles are new; could slip. Hard drop on the other side; bruised ankled last time. It’s a ten second sprint passed the tower guards into the forest. Need more fitness. The wooded path ends within fifty steps and the stream babbles down a ravine. Follow it, use the high embankment and roots. It’s an hour’s scramble to land’s end and the ocean. The sides are slippery, careful of the mud…
Aharah slumped against the wall. Her back and her chest rose and fell rhythmically.  Her head rested partly on her shoulder and partly on the windowsill. She fell alseep to the gentle fingers of the wind braiding her hair.

“What were you doing last night?” Anais said. She was brushing her hair. The window had been shut and the clear, insulation film had fogged up. Aharah roused herself. She was still dressed in yesterday’s garbs. She groaned at the bits of dirt around the hem of her pantleg. She picked at it absent-mindedly, a speck at a time, between her thumb and index fingers. The dirt came apart and smeared her fingertips. She wiped her hand clean at her hip.
Anais leaned around her dresser mirror. The brush caught a knot in her hair and snagged. Anais grabbed her hair at the base so it did not tug at her scalp and pulled the brush through. The knot broke with a satisfying release of tension.
Aharah turned to her side, unwilling to wake. She pressed her head into the wall. She could feel the rough, painted canvas pressed into her skin. That’s going to welt, she thought.
“Did you go outside last night?” Anais asked.
Aharah looked at the questioner. Her head felt pressed and full.
Anais half-way gasped. “Aja, your eyes.”
Aharah’s eyes felt dry. She breathed in and only a thin, sliver of air passed through her nose. She felt some flap of cartillage blocking her nasal passage. She sniffed in. The tension only made her head worse.
“Ouch,” she groaned.
“Were you outside?” Anais asked. She kicked off the dresser and balanced on the back two legs of her chair. She stared at the ceiling, anticipating a reply, while shifting her weight back and forth.
Was I? Ahrah propped herself up on an arm. Her head was leveld with the window. The world outside was a blur. “You mind?” she asked without waiting for an answer and touched the insulating film. It melted away and the breeze came in, cold. The world outside sharpened. It is a grey morning, just cold enough to snow, but not yet. Morning-criers made their rounds. The tinny sound of a hand gong struck with a wooden mallet rang out.
“They’d been going all morning,” Anais said. “You were out last night weren’t you? If I didn’t know better, I’d think you’re hangover.”
Ahrah felt a deep ache throughout her body. Was I out? Her memory could not find sufficent recollection in her mind. It was too full. “I…” Ahrah started. “Shut up and leave me alone,” she said. “I think I’m sick.”
“You look sick,” Anais said. Aharah growled at her. “I mean… you don’t seem well,” Anais corrected herself.
“Why are they ringing the gong so early,” Aharah picked herself up and looked out the window. It was easier to breath with the wind’s help. Crisp air blew into her nose and lungs. Yesterday’s events slowly crystallized.
“When are we going to see Nala?” Aharah asked, with urgency in her voice.
Anais bit her lips. “You need to go to the healing pool then…”
“Hey!” a voice cried from outside. It came from the window next to them.
“What’s going on?” the voice asked. It was the boy from next door.
“Uher, what do you want?” Anais snapped. She got next to the window, ready to close it.
“You know what’s going on?” Uher asked.
“No do you?” Anais leaned out the window and said. A brown, shaved-head with a bright toothy grin greeted her. His eyes were slits from smiling. He lifted his cheeks to grin wider, pushing forward his purplish gum. “Ew stop that,” Anais said.
The boy dropped the act. He leaned out further past the window until half of his body was out.
“You’re going to fall and die,” Anais said.
“Sounds like you care,” Uher said. Anais shook her head and come back through the window. Aharah had gotten out of bed and limped to the door on one leg.
“Let me help you!” Anais said. She hopped in two steps to her sister’s side. “You didn’t tell me it was this bad,” she said.


[Earth 2069 Labor Day]
“What? And I just become another guy who chases chicks?” Marcos Francisco de Asis said, leaning back in his chair, rocking on the chair’s two hind legs while whistling. He clamped both knees with his hands.
“What’s so bad about that?” Pace said.
“What’s so bad about that?” Marcos repeated. “One—how about, when does it stop? When do I stop picking up all these hot women?”
“So you don’t do it at all?” Pace said, air forcefully puffed out of his nose into a snicker.
Francisco shook his head. “No—no—it’s not that. I could pull if I want to…”
Pace raised his left brow and eye at Francisco. He tilted his head, goading him.
“I mean, who wouldn’t want to date the famous Francisco de Asis? The creator of the Cosmic Rose…?” He said, unsure of himself. His words evaporated into thin air. He nodded to himself, but so minutely that it looked like shaking to Pace.
“Not when you say it like that,” Pace said. He inhaled, leaned forward in his own chair, and planted his leg firmly on the ground. With a grunt, he stood up, feeling the pushing the ground through his heels and inner archs. He exhaled at the top, then coughed. When he coughed, his contoured body-fitting black dress shirt tugged at the buttons, showing off hints of his abs.
“Is that what you do?” Francisco said.
Pace coughed some more. He put the joint down in the tray beside him. He picked it up and offered it to Francisco. Francisco looked a way for a second, looked back, and took a small puff. He handed the joint back to Francisco.
“Eh?” he said.
“Wear a tight shirt. Washboard abs. Is that what you do?” Francisco said.
Pace answered by taking a drag of the joint like a cigarette and flexed his bicep into a crunch.
“Disgusting,” Francisco said. He walked away from their cozy firepit to rows of books. Walls of them covered the apartment, which was circular. Looking up, Francisco saw the light come through the prism roof. The ray split into rainbows and projected their spectrum of colors in bands beside him on the wall.
“Geez,” he said. He looked out the tall window that separated the bookshelves. Outside, it sloped downhill. A great green tree took up most of the view. A small pathway lead around and down to the stairs and the dock. A small for his guest was further down. Then it’s the ocean, the water of the bay; in the distance, covered by slow moving clouds that looked like pulled cotton, land. The City, Francisco thought. The City, he repeated, where dreams are born and razed. The City. How beautiful it looks today, with its greenery, its hills that wander and stray, the rolling avenue and the high towers, oh the City, how beautiful are thee, my bride and sole heir? Nah, I…
“What are you doing over there?” Pace yelled.
Francisco sniffed. Startled. The view of the city faded away. He looked back from the bookshelf near the walls to the dugout conversation and fire pit. Pace was stretched out on the leather wrap-around counch. “Earth to Mars, is Marco Polo there? Entertain us!” He said.
“Am I washed up?” Francisco asked.
“What?” Pace said.
“Am I washed up?” Francisco repeated.
“I know I heard you the first time,” Pace said. “I just wanted you to hear that.”
Francisco shook his head. He turned back to the books. Poetry. Religion. Philosophy. He scanned through the rows. Short and tall, unevenly matched; skinny and fat; some with paperback that sat on the wood, collecting dust; some with hardcovers that gathered dust in that little divet recessed under the pages between the bookends that looked at the bottom of his bed. A place he even as an adult felt the possibility of something jumping out. Marcos Francisco de Asis shook his head. I’m glad Pace is here, he said to himself, was that thought too dark?
“Billy, do me a fav—” Marcos said. “Can you check under my bed for me?”
“And then can we get some chicks?” Pace said.
“Yes. Bed first. Then chicks.”
Pace pulled himself up to the back of the counch and leaned his body down on the ground. He tilted his head and looked at the bed. “Some dust, mostly frizz, one ball,” he reported back.
Francisco sighed with relieft. The hidden surround speaker blipped and bopped with notes. Reverbed piano keys sounded like pixelated rain drops. The stuttering drum machine in the back beat on with the consistency of stars at night. Franciso took an album from the shelf. Why half of this shelf is music is beyond me, Francisco said, the maid really ought to do her job.
“Rosie!” Marcos called.
“Not Rosie,” Pace said with a whining voice, “real women. Let’s call Eve and Ava. They’re hot.”
Marcos nodded.
“It’s a holiday after all,” Pace said and winked. He leaned back on the couch until his spine stretched with a satisfying pop.
“Call Eve and Ava,” he said.
“Am I washed up? Really?” Francisco said. He went to the window. Maybe I ought to play more upbeat music, he thought. The waves moved outside. Oh mercurial city, he thought, how bright are your rays today and how full your moons last night embraced me—beauty—and she will answer in her name tongue-tied with mine and then I’ll know she belongs to me and I to her and what a melodrama—no—a comedy of a trio and a family she and I would—
“What are you two losers doing?” Eve said. She wore black butterfly sunglasses that hid her entire face. She wore a bikini, also black, which complemented her sun-kissed skin. She bit into an apple. Her chest pressed together. “Answer me,” she said. She took another bite and laughed at something off-screen.
“She’s so rude,” Pace said. He kicked one leg over the other. “Which park is it?”
Eve’s view zoomed out. The flyover drone briefly caught her entire outfit in the frame. Pace grinned stupidly. He tucked his shirt into his pants a little tighter and cleared his throat. Marcos played the keys; the music grew warmer, faster, and more upbeat.
Pace saw the entire park in the view.
“An angel such as yourself has decided to grace this earth and you chose that patch of land to bless with your beauty?” he said.
The drone zoomed down from the sky and the view closed in on Eve’s face. She smiled and took another bite of the apple, slowly.
Ava popped into view on another screen beside Eve. She had red hair and wore a white shirt and a set of beige painter’s overalls. An easel was behind her in her own studio overlooking the ocean.
Pace waved.
“I can see it from here,” Ava said of Pace, and shook her head.
Pace rolled to his side and adjusted his pants to be more comfortable.
“Yeah, ew,” Eve said. She laughed then looked off-screen. She considered a spoonful of cake being passed around.
“I can’t help it with such beautiful—” Pace said.
“Where’s the santone?” Ava said. “Marcos!”
“Yes?” Marcos replied.
“Why are you so dreary?” Ava said.
“Dreary?” Marcos said. He flashed with sweat momentarily. “Now I find that very rude, I was quite enjoying…”
Ava ignored him. She moved aside and her easle showed next to her. A newly finished painting  sat on the stand. “What do you think?”
Marcos looked at Ava’s screen. Eve also leaned in. Ava’s painting showed on the screen. It was an oil painting of a sand dune beside an ocean. The work was new and the colors were primarily red, yellow, brown, and a light and a dark blue.
“I like it,” Marcos said. Pace tipped his hand around his chin and nodded.
“Would you use it for your next piece?” Ava said.
“I would not,” Marcos replied.
“I knew it,” Ava said, snatching the camera away. “You hate it.”
“I don’t hate it,” Marcos stuttered, “I… You asked if—”
“Quit it, dork, I’m kidding,” Ava said. She pointed the camera away while she got undressed. “Is it too monotone? Is that the issue? And are we having lunch?”
“Lunch!” Pace yelled. He exaggerated a motion of fist-pumping the air.
Eve shook her head.
“Why are you shaking your head?” Pace said.
“Am I shaking my head?” Eve said. She looked away and flashed an eye at the screen. “Am I not allowed to?” she said.
“Geez,” Pace said. He exhaled a breath he forgot he had held in.
“Ava, we’re having lunch,” Marcos said. “I got us reservations at Rose’s.”
“How may I help you?” a calm, female voice said.
“Jeez!” Pace hopped out of his seat. “Rosie! What the hell, don’t sneak up on us like that.”
The automaton nodded.
“I’ll be louder arriving next time,” she said.
She was dressed in lingerie, wearing platinum hair and heels. Pace burst out laughing. “Hey, look,” he said, and both girls leaned into their screens and laughed.
“Forget to take the condom off from last night, eh?” Ava said between spurts of giggles. Eve showed her screen to her friends at the park.
Marcos looked over at Rosie and their playful dress from the night before. “Rose!” he said, “get out of that! Have some common decency!”
The automaton shrugged her shoulders, turned, and left.
“What did we call her in here for?” Pace asked.
“What time?” Eve said. “And I really must apologize.”
Marcos shook his head and changed out of his shirt. Pace whistled. Marcos’s lean, toned muscles looked to be carved from marble. Pace bumped up his hips for the girls and flexed. Marcos put on a twice-thick, starched and pressed white shirt. He went to his dresser and took out two black tortoiseshell cufflinks and threaded them through his sleeves. Ava blew him a kiss on the screen.
“One at Rose’s,” Marcos said.
“One? But I’m hungry now,” Eve replied. Pace agreed.
“Fine, let’s go to Shelley’s or Contramar.”
“Yes to pancakes, no to fish,” Ava said. Eve agreed.
“They both got clear pints, so fine with me,” Pace said, getting up. “Carry me,” he reached his hands out to Marcos. Marcos, now dressed in a white-collar white tuxedo, carried Pace over his shoulder with a one-arm throw. “Oof,” Pace said, resting there. Rosie the automaton returned; she wore red hair, a stylish black dress, black twined heels, and a binocular mask that she held in one hand. Her arms were half-covered by see-through black gloves and on her shoulder was tattooed: “Type 2 Property, Owner: Marcos Francisco de Asis.” With a scannable barcode.
Ava whistled. “Rose is bringing it. I’m going to dress up. I’ll meet you at one.”
“Noon! Ava, I’m coming over,” Eve said, and her screen closed, followed quickly by Ava’s.
“Guess it’s just us for now,” Marcos said, “Rose, take this freeloader off my back.” The automaton complied and took the load of Pace off Marcos’s back.
“You smell nice, Rose,” Pace said.
“Thank you. It’s marigold and jasmine oil,” Rose replied. She shrugged Pace up, and he got off. He brushed his shirt and pants straight. The roof began to open up and a hovercraft covered them with shade. It lowered a platform into the room.
“Ride’s here,” Marcos said, “Get on.”

[Later: It’s got a cool vibe to it, like I’m with a robot and I don’t care — Pace to Marcos]
["Don’t you find this world to be one big cruise ship? Where’s the danger? The fun?”—Ava.]

“Oh, Hah-el? What does that mean?” Pace said.
“Jail,” Marcos said, hurried and hushed. He averted his gaze from all the other patrons. “It says jail, no illegal substances in Mexico,” Marcos said under his breath and took a sip from his drink.
“Oh,” Pace said. He squirmed. “But we’re going to Mexico City,” Pace said, “We should be fine.” He fussed with his shirt. They stood around a tulip-shaped cocktail table. Pace turned and smiled at the women around him. Some smiled back. One blew him a kiss.
“I’m going in,” Pace said.
“Good luck,” Marcos said with a salute.
Pace strutted up to the woman who blew a kiss at him. He pretended to stumble and caught himself against her table. “Oh, I’m sorry, clumsy feet. Not used to rockets,” he said.
“We haven’t taken off yet,” she laughed.
He laughed back. He peered at her shoulder; no barcode tattoo. Pace kept grinning. He looked at her forehead. A stylish flamingo tattoo, but no sparkling jewel. Game on. He turned to Marcos and winked. Marcos raised his drink back at them.
“That your friend?” The woman said. She sipped her drink. Her strawberry pink hair was worn in a bob. Her flapper dress blinked silver in the club. The windows were tinted red. It was early morning outside.
The woman looked at Pace with doe-like eyes. She blinked.
Pace rubbed his hands together. The friction heated up perfume oil he had spritzed on his fingers. The scent of amber wood spread through the air.
“Yes, ma’am,” he said. He leaned comfortably on her table.
The woman looked away. A song with a beat came on and she started to move with it. She looked back and sipped her drink.
“Zasha,” she said.
“Zasha,” Pace said, “you know what that sign says? Ha-el?”
Zasha said, “I see ‘jail.’”
“Do you partake?” he asked. A platter with drinks then arrived, extended out by a handsome waiter with dark hair. “From your friend over there,” the waiter said.
He took the two drinks off the platter.
Zasha motioned to Rose. “She real?” Pace shook his head.
The music in the club got louder. Pace started dancing.
The woman named Zasha finished her drink then walked away as Pace swayed to the music. Without missing a beat, he turned around and danced backward to Marcos. “Drink, sir,” he said. Marcos took his drink and they clinked.
“Here, some neuralvitals for your brains,” Pace offered Marcos a blue-red pill. A thin, white line ran down its center. Marcos popped it in his mouth and took it down with his drink, a clear liquid served from a thin glass.
“Oh, here she comes,” Pace said. He tapped Marcos. They turned around.
The woman named Zasha returned with a friend. Her friend, a brunette with bewitching blue eyes and pale skin, wore a riding outfit with a low-cut white blouse and thigh-high riding boots. Zasha walked up to Pace and Marcos.
“Zasha,” she said to Marcos, extending a hand.
He kissed it politely. “I am Marcos Francisco de Asis,” he said.
The two women grinned at each other. The pale, blue-eyed brunette extended her hand to Marcos.
“Emilee. Like, martini,” she said.
Marcos kissed her hand.
“Would you like to join us?” Marcos asked.
“Are you really him?” Emilee asked.
Marcos breathed in and his already tall figure pulled taller. He secured his watch better around his wrist.
“Who?” he said.
“You wrote the Stellar Rose?” Emilee said.
Marcos rolled his left wrist. “Yeah,” he said.
“Okay,” Emilee said.
Marcos sipped his drink. Emilee smiled.
Zasha danced and her pink hair tossed with the music. Emilee joined her, holding her hips. They looked at Marcos. Zasha’s slinky flapper dress flapped against Emilee’s well-fitted riding crops. A voice came on over the speakers. They stopped dancing. The music dimmed.
“The 10 AM for Mexico City is boarding. At this time, we would like: Mr. Mateo Cruz-Rivera & Ms. Sofía Paloma-Torres. Dr. Kai Shen-Zhou & Dr. Mei Lyris-Tan. Mr. and Mrs. Tunde Oba-Sowande. Mr. Liam Evans & Ms. Clara Barns. Mr. Marcos Francisco de Asis and Dr. Pace Lee…”
“That’s us,” Marcos said. Rose slung onto his arm. She reached her other arm out and Zasha clung to it. Emilee took Pace’s hand and leaned on him. The group walked toward the front of the club. The music dimmed. The security gate was flanked by two men with assault rifles. A woman wearing a flight attendant’s outfit with a tan mini-skirt and leggings and black pumps greeted them. “Hello, I’m Rockette and I’m glad to assist you. You must be Mr. Francisco de Asis. The Stellar Rose is a sensation, as we all know.” She smiled and her glossy, red lips revealed perfectly white and shiny teeth. “Please, come.” She waved and the men with weapons backed away. The door behind the woman opened to reveal a furnished elevator. “This will take you up to your platform,” she said.
The group got into the lift. Pace and Marcos sat down on two plush dog-shaped chairs. Emilee sat in Pace’s lap. Zasha sat in Marcos’s lap. She leaned over him, laughing, and whispered something in his ear. He laughed and held her loosely around the hip. Rose sat herself down next to Marcos and leaned against the chair.
The attendant leaned in. “Enjoy your flight, it’ll be quick,” she said with a wink and closed the door. A chime confirmed that the door had sealed. The lift shot up. Pace’s drink spilled in his hand. He set the glass down on the carpeted floor. Emilee leaned in and pushed him against the back of the chair, which was shaped like dog’s ears. “This smells good,” she said, “what is this?”
Pace rubbed his neck. “This?”
Emilee growled and sank her fingers into Pace’s neck. Her hard nails dug into his skin. She raked her nails through Pace’s hair. He melted like a puddle into the furry dog chair.
There was the gradual pressure of deceleration. The platform settled. The floor clipped into the deck and the lift arm sank down the tube below. Both couples were making out. Rose got up and led Marcos and Zasha to a bed. A large panoramic window ran across the room. Opposite them was the gigantic frame of the orbit-level rocket ship. The frame was shaped aerodynamically as a rack, with silos for suites built as swappable discs. Their room lurched, pushing Pace and Emilee onto the floor. He slapped her ass and they crawled over to a low-lying bed, barely making it there with their clothes. Emilee rolled a blue-red pill on her tongue.
Rose sat upright by the bed and held Marcos’s hand as Zasha moved on top of him. She watched the window as their platform moved slowly on track toward the rocket ship. Above and below, disc-shaped suites like theirs filled with chemically-fueled occupants were also making their commute.
“Rose, do that thing for me, please,” Marcos said. Rose, without looking, moved her hand on his body. Lights in the room dimmed. Music came on. Plump bass strings plucked out a rhythm. The ghostly vibrato of a woman’s voice eked out a scream. Snares accompanied it. The music tapered to a smooth, velvet texture overlaid with guitar strings strumming gently. The snares continued, accompanied now by the alien wave-like notes of a theremin in crescendo. Their suite completed its docking into the rocket frame. The tensile whirring of gigantic cables and gears stopped. In the room, the remaining ambient lights turned off and it became pitch black. The lovers romped in secret, except to Rose, who could see perfectly well. Her epidermis sensed the rising heat and moisture, and her cochlears registered male and female panting. They slid on each other, skin on skin. “Like twisting pythons making two backs,” Rose recalled what Marcos called the activity. With a final groan, Marcos turned on his back and sprawled out on the bed. The woman rested on top of him. Marcos reached out to Rose with a weakly curled hand.
Rose primed her clothes and sat to his side. She took Marcos’s hand, sandwiching it between her own. Leaning into him, she blew gently on his ear, making ocean sounds.

Marcos winced from the hot Mexican sun. He put on his shades, leaning against the railing of the speedboat. White foam sprayed up the sides, catching his sleeves. He pulled his loose cotton shirt closer. Zasha sat on her own across from him. She had changed out of her silver flapper dress into a hot pink two-piece that matched her hair. A loose black shawl embroidered with peacock feathers covered her head. Her face was covered by a pair of thick, black sunglasses. She stared out to the water like an old movie star. In the distance, ever dwindling in size, the cooling rocket tower gave off steam. Toward land, the port awaited them.
Beside Marcos, Pace was still in heat with the pale, blue-eyed brunette. It was all hands and hair-blown hair as they kissed into each other. Pace was artfully disheveled; torn blue jeans, black boots, and a yellow-red Hawaiian shirt. Emilee had changed out of her riding outfit into denim shorts. Her smooth, ivory legs exuded out of her denim shorts and when she uncrossed them, Marcos glimpsed that she went without underwear.
“What? You don’t talk to me now?” Zasha said. Her voice was flat. She looked at Marcos.
He flicked the flint on his waterproof lighter and lit a cigarette. He shook his head. Marcos finished his cigarette with two long drags. He blew the smoke straight up into the air. God, it’s hot, he thought.
Zasha looked at Rose, who sat beside her properly like a schoolgirl. Rose wore a cream-colored sundress that lifted her ample chest. “Is this what you like?” Zasha said, sitting upright, pressing her chest together, teasing Marcos. He smiled, shook his head again. He started on his second cigarette, breathing fuller and slower this time.
“What are your plans?” Marcos asked.
“What are your plans?” Zasha mocked him and laughed. Rose giggled as well.
Marcos shrugged.
“What are we doing, Rose?” Zasha asked.
“1 PM brunch at Rose’s—” Rose said.
“Rose’s! My. Did they name that after you?” Zasha said playfully as she nudged Rose’s shoulder, where her barcode tattoo displayed prominently. Zasha looked at Marcos with side-eyes. “Or… did he name you after it? What happened there, señor Marcos Francisco de Asis?”
“My man is obsessed with roses,” Pace said, still half-buried in his coupling. “Cosmic Rose. Stellar Rose. Just not rosaries.”
“Why? A nun break your heart?” Emilee said. Pace hollered and they went back at it.
“Well, we’re here for a shoot,” Zasha said.
“A shoot?” Marcos said.
“You’re not the only one with a job, you know,” Zasha said. She stretched her limbs long like a cat then settled back into her movie star repose.
“I can’t come in half-baked. Lines six out of ten cold. And you wearing a sweater. Okay? It’s just kind of hard,” Pace said, swigging a beer. Emilee leaned against him. She unfolded a large sunhat that she put on her face.
“Ping pong? Ping pong? I can’t ping pong with this bitch,” Pace said, taking another swig. Emilee turned around to sun her back. Her chest and belly rested on Pace’s side. Pace put his arm around her.
“You say: What’s the matter?” Pace said.
“What’s the matter?” Emilee repeated.
“That’s always the problem, you call them your little sluts and they love it, then you love them and they become your little angels and you can’t call them that anymore, but she still needs it so she gets it from somewhere else,” Pace said, “—You’re beautiful.”
Emilee turned to look up at him.
Pace took out a small tin box from his inner jacket pocket. He opened it and offered a blue-red pill to her. She took it down. Then she grinned and tilted her head and put another pill between her lips. She dared Pace to kiss it out of her. He did.
“We used to be like that,” Zasha said. She took out a long silver stem and a cigarette. Rose lit it for her.
“It is the gathering together after the season of making—and it is the coming out of the sadness of the realization that family and a life with stars and rainbows is an illusion,” Pace said. Zasha took a drag of her cigarette.
They bumped on the water. The sapphire water gleamed with sunlight. The boat’s powerful yet near-silent motor rumbled beneath them.
Marcos put his hand on the throttle and pressed forward. The motor whirred. The aft of the boat dropped and they pitched forward, flinging off wings of white water.
The wind caught Emilee’s hat. Pace caught it in mid-air and planted it back on her head. She held onto his hands, seemingly taking a nap.
The sound of Afro-Spanish drums and chants came on through the boat’s speakers. Marcos danced along. He kicked the pedal and the boat lurched forward with even greater speed. He shifted his seat to be fully planted.
“Not so fast, Marcos,” Zasha said. Marcos smiled. She had said many similar things last night. He took it easier on the boat and its crew. They came to a smooth cruise. Glimmering pyramids of light bounced off the water’s surface.
The Mexican coast neared.
“Come with me,” Marcos said.
Zasha looked at him.
“After how you’ve treated me?” she said. She gave her cigarette to Rose to put out. She slipped gloves on her arms, “Don’t you have any dignity?”
The boat slowed.
Emilee gathered her things. Pace straightened his ruffled clothes out.
Marcos swung the boat around to be parallel to the shore and released control. Autopilots guided the boats in. A gangplank reached out to the boat and the ladies were the first to cross. Pace waved his hand like an usher and Marcos got off, then he did too.
Rose applied red lipstick to Zasha then showed her a mirror. Zasha blinked and blew Rose a kiss. Emilee tucked her loose white tank into her cutoffs. She shook some sand off her polished leather sandals. Pace walked in.
“Listen, after your shoot, we were thinking of going to Contramar. Rose’s then Contramar,” Pace said.
“We don’t think we’ll be able to make it,” Zasha said.
“What’s the matter?” Pace said with a smile.
“Your friend is quite rude,” Zasha said. Emilee folded her arms.
“What did he do?” Pace asked. He turned so he could hear better.
“Well, for one, he could not give me the cold shoulder after he’s fucked me,” Zasha said.
Pace breathed in. He bit his lip. Nodded.
“You’re absolutely right, he’s a bastard,” Pace said. Zasha straightened up and turned away slightly. Her ears leaned in.
“But he likes you. I can tell. He’s just different,” Pace said, “—what—you think the guy who made the Stellar Rose is a normal guy? Right, chap? That’s not what you’re in this for. You can get anyone. But you can’t get adventure like this. Look.” Pace turned and framed Marcos in the background. Marcos Francisco de Asis smoked one last cigarette, dragging it to finish then put it out, smothering it under his patent-leather loafers. He shrugged his shoulder and his shirt smoothed itself. Marcos walked toward them. His shirt-sleeve rolled halfway up his forearm. A thick, metal band and golden watch hung loosely on his wrist.
Zasha pursed her lips to one side.
“He’s probably composing a poem about you right now in his head,” Pace said, “just give him time, he may surprise you.”
Marcos walked up to them. He rubbed a five o’clock shadow.
“Brunch?” he said.
Zasha sniffed out a laugh.
“I’ll meet you boys later. Emilee and I have work to do,” Zasha said. Emilee embraced her shoulders lightly and popped a leg up; smiled.
Overhead, two autotaxis approached for landing. Sand sprayed beneath them. Clear shields protected passengers on the ground.
One landed and popped open its doors.
“Ladies first,” Pace said.
Zasha met Marcos’s gaze without blinking as she got on.
Emilee slapped her hip. Pace blew her a smooch and she got on.
The second taxi landed.
Marcos gave the women a wink and turned to their hovercraft. Pace walked beside him.
“Ava and Eve are—” Pace said, getting in through gull-wing doors. Safety straps tucked him in. The fabric softened. “They’re wondering where we were.”
“Where are they?” Marcos said.
“Rose’s,” Pace replied. The hovercraft lifted off into the sky like a rising elevator, and for a moment there was zero gravity as it hovered mid-air, then gravity returned and the guests were shoved into their seats as the taxi took off.
“Do you get tired of this?” Marcos asked.
Pace blinked wide-eyed at him, shaking his head incredulously. “Tired? Of this? Unlimited sorrow and pussy? Fuck no.”
Marcos sighed. He rubbed his fingers against his nose bridge. “It’s just so tiring.”
“You just need to up your dosage,” Pace said. “You’re still on child levels. You’ve got to join the adults.”
“And be like you?” Marcos said.
“Me,” Pace said.
“Some dude who just fucks girls,” Marcos said.
“And what are you saying,” Pace lowered his voice and leaned into Marcos.
Marcos waved his hands in apology. Pace backed off.
“I was just saying—I’m happy you’re content, but there’s got to be more, right?” Marcos asked.
“More to partying nonstop and never getting tired?” Pace said.
“I’m tired,” Marcos replied. He slunk back into his seat. “Those women…” Marcos said, “do you love them?”
“Yes,” Pace replied.
Marcos sighed.
A screen came on in the taxi’s cabin display. Eve’s face flashed up. Thick, black octopus sunglasses covered her face. Her lips were blood red. Her glossy, bobbed black hair rested just below her ears. Small, looped golden earrings threaded through her earlobe. She didn’t say anything.
Marcos looked at her. She shook her head disappointingly at them.
“We’ve been here for an hour,” Eve said. The screen then showed Ava. She wore a straw hat. Her red hair and red dress matched. Ava also shook her head.
“What else were you going to do? Eat more cake?” Pace said. Marcos snickered.
“How dare you,” Eve said with a gasp. Ava burst out laughing.
“I could use a spa,” Marcos said.

[General direction: they’re on a multi-day binge around the world; touring casually. Possible direction: They meet people like them and people outside society.]

[Hassan - Jian Empire - Western Capital - Healing Pool]

“Where were you last night?” Anais asked. She pressed a cold towel against Aharah’s ankle where it had swollen.
“I don’t remember,” Aharah said. She settled slowly into the warming pool, wincing as she sat. The buoyant water relieved much of the pain of swelling. Aharah let out a sigh.
“I really am worried,” Anais said. Aharah looked her sister whose brash vivacity was hidden behind a cloud of concern. She seemed mousy today.
“This is going to heal,” Ahrah said, but she knew Anais didn’t just mean her.
The boy named Uher popped his head into the healing bath. “You’re going to be late,” he said. He smiled sheepishly, and when Ahrah met his gaze he looked away. He coughed, “late.”
“For what?”
“Where have you been?” Uher said. “Nala’s back.”
The girls looked at each other and didn’t say anything.
“Aren’t you excited?” Uher said, barely able to contain himself. “Baltazar’s throwing her a parade. She’s a hero!”
Anais pulled her legs out of the water and stood up. Busily and messily, she began to gather their clothes.
“Yea, we heard,” Aharah said.
Uher hung onto the corner wall of the entryway. The healing pools were only allowed for recovery, so his being at the precipice of entry with only the conviction to convey some news was not allowed. He hung around the corner. Anais bundled their clothes up into a ball and extended a hand to Ahrah, who turned it away. Ahrah pulled herself out of the pool. The swelling in her foot had gone down. She walked with a slight limp on her right foot. Anais walked beside her, holding out an arm. After a few more steps, the anaesthic in the healing pool numbed the pain, and Aharah straighten up.
“I thought you’d be more excited,” Uher said, “weren’t you close?”
“Where’s the reception?” Ahrah asked.
“The Western Hall,” Uher said.
Ahrah sighed.
“What’s going on?” Uher asked.
“Nothing,” Anais said, “Move! You’re blocking our way.” Uher jumped out of the way and Anais backed into him to make way for Aharah.
“What are the others saying?” Aharah asked.
“You’re not going to like it…” Uher said. He rubbed his shaved head and looked at the floor sheepishly. “They’re saying Nala deserted her platoon.” He waited, twirling his thumb as another uncomfortable gossip spilled out. “They say she helped a prisoner escape from Uggostal.”
Ahrah took those words in slowly. “If she did those things, why is Baltazar giving her a parade?” She held a moment of tension and was relieved when Uher did not reply.  “Shouldn’t she be in prison… or worse?” Ahrah added.
“That’s the thing…” Uher said. “They say Nala’s chosen the Lyoness Path.”
Anais gasped. “Ahrah, we have to go!” she cried. “We have to stop her! Him! This is crazy.”

[Dropping in the ball]

“Some of you are fourteen. Some of you are sixteen. The oldest is seventeen. You must be wondering why you are here, why children are being sent to fight in a war.
The answer is simple. The war is going worse than you thought. The older models, the ones who came before you, have been decimated. You are what remains.
You will be assigned into squads of four. Four weeks to train. Four weeks to learn to kill, and to learn not to die. After that, you will deploy with your training group.
Your squad leader will serve as both captain and sensei. Listen to them. Trust them. If they fall, you will take their place.
Remember: the monsters we face are relentless. And to defeat them, we made monsters of our own. That means you.
Good luck.”


“I see—enemy, 30 meters, Southwest,” Nala said. Her voice was commanding yet calm and came over their symlinq quietly clear. The twin suns hung low in the early morning. Blankets of grey clouds over the sky. Winds picked up the sands a little, and puffs of dust ejected into the air. Ahrah bent her head low and down. Her hood covered her entire head and spread onto the ground. Through her combat field-lens, she saw a red pointer dropped by Nala. A view-in-view popped into Ahrah’s right eye; a slow moving caravan of automaton scouts was on the move in their direction.
Enemy in view, Ahrah thought. Over the symlinq, her own voice, cold and baritone, broadcasted the same: “Enemy spotted in view.” Hearing her own voice, Ahrah wondered, Do I always sound this nasally?
“Am I always this nasally?” her voice spoke, flat and professional, over the symlinq.
“Request acknowledged. That’s an affirmative.” another voice replied immediately. The rephrase was usually reserved for evac or resupply. And the optimistally cheerful tone, even through the symlinq’s tone filter, could only belong to her younger sister—Anais.
“Starweather, what’s your report?” Nala said over the symlinq.
“Nothing in our six. Lying low,” Anais replied.
Aharah checked her field-lens. A line pointed to her left. It was labeled with a ligature, S for Starweater, who was behind her. Another line, tagged with the ligature for L, pointed to a dunetop in the middle of her view. Ahrah let her body relax and laid very still. Her active camouflage blended with the swirling sand around her, moving as it moved.
What’s the plan? She thought.
“What’s the plan?” it announced over their symlinq. No answer. The caravan was half-way to reaching them. Two heavy devastator walkers and sixteen chaff units—T-19 skinnies. Her heart beat so wildly she thought the enemy could hear her thumping through the sand. She closed her eyes. Inhale. Exhale. Watch the opening of your nostrils. Feel the touch of breath. Let the breath be, don’t control it. Once, her cardiovascular system self-regulated to within normal, Aharah opened her eyes again. Instantly, her sight reformed from a hue of green to the desert floor below her. If she took off her goggles, the sunlight reflecting off the sand like from a mirror would blind her instantly.
[Keystone: War, warfare, war games]
Aharah breathed out. She steaded her aim. A bank of rockets was buried beneath her in the dune, ready to wipe out the enemy with sixteen self-guided Straight-talk missles. All she had to do was to give The Go. When she was told so. So just breathe.
Her suit registered the faint vibration of the caravan’s movement as it traveled through the ground. Aharah gradually felt the sensation amplify throughout her body where-ever her skin made contact with her suit; which was everywhere. This is not helping. Aharah thought. Then she immediately tempered it so it does not come across announced on the symlinq as a field command.
“There is something off about the troop movement,” Nala’s voice announced over symlinq, “Hold for analysis. Hunker down. Let them pass.”
“But I have them in sight,” Aharah’s voice come on the symlinq. Not again, Aharah thought. She imagined hundering down, covering her head with her arms as her suit hardened; then, the bank of missles would fire, and with their self-guided precision, one or two would wipe out the chaff units, and the rest, over a dozen barrels of 250kg high-explosive would finish the Devastators. One each was enough.
“Daylights, you will stand down. Acknowledge,” Nala’s voice said over symlinq.
“Acknowledged, Lyoness. I will hold,” Aharah’s voice answered.
Aharah ran the simulations. Out of ten thousand simulations, she wins nine thousand, nine hundred, and ninety-three times.
Six out of the seven loses was due to missle malfunction; the embankment literally blowing up from under her. I would take those chances, she thought, and mimed to shrug when she say laid perfectly still and camouflaged in the sand. The clouds moed overhead and the sun got bright. The desert basin caught the rays and reflected them out like a large laser. Aharah’s field view fuzzed as colors oversatured and her view turned into colorless-outlines.
“There is a raven coming, one minute away,” Nala said over symlinq.
“Acknowledged, Lyoness,” Anais’s voice replied.
But I have them, right in sight. Isn’t this what we waited three days for? This ambush? Aharah thought. Clouds covered the sun overhead and the glare was gone. Her sight washed with color. She saw the caravan. Perhaps Nala can’t see them from this angle. From the side, the enemies are blocking each other, but from here, it is clearn. They are traveling in two columns. We have the upperhand. If the raven arrives too late and the enemies turn, I won’t have the ankle on the rockets. Right now, I have them lined up like pins. Two column. Bam. Boom. Straight down the middle.
“Negative, Lyoness. I have them in sight. Simulation projects 99% success. What’s the hold up?” Aharah said over symlinq. She liked how the voice made her sound cooler and more confident.
“Enemy movement is 8% slower than usual,” Nala replied. “I see nothing that accounts for it except for new programming. But why would the machines move slower?”
“They could be on a slower patrol?” Aharah’s voice announced over symlinq. Then she followed with a question. “Permission to speak freely,” Aharah asked.
“Granted, Daylights,” Nala’s voice announced over symlinq. Then, a separate, private symlinq opened to Aharah.
“What is it?” Nala said, swiftly. Her voice was impatient and angry.
“Why are we not firing?” Ahraha asked, trying to keep her voice down.
“I told you—how many times do I have to tell you, there’s something weird,” Nala said. Over the symlinq, Aharah caught the sense that Nala would throw up her hands in disbelief if she could.
“I’m going to lose them in ten seconds,” Aharah said, “I’m going to take the shot.”
“You will not. You will stand down. As the command officer of this mission—” Nala said.
The caravan marched in synch. The two columns of T199 skinnies, bipetal humanoid murderbots, walked like humans—left; right; left; right;—Two hulking behemoth machines followed. Gun platforms on legs—these Devastators, the size of large elephants, strutted after the skinnies. Aharah’s aim counter blinked. Six turned to five. Five to four.
“I have the mission.I’m taking the shot,” Ahraha announced.
Nala screamed, “I will have you fried —”
Aharah severed their personal symlinq. The field symlinq came back: “Prepare for action.”
Aharah looked down her sights. The clock read 3 seconds. Inhale. 2 seconds. Exhale. 1 second.
Fire on enemy, Aharah thought.
“Firing on enemy,” her voice said, official and cool, over the symlinq.
Aharah clasped her arms over her head and hunkered down. The suit hardened. The shook and great avalanches of it slid off the side as the embankment of rockets shook the foundation of the dune. Sixteen Straight-talk missles shot out from the hidden missle silo. There was a second that seemed to boom forever. Then a quiet. Then, as the missles went super-sonic, sixteen whistles like candles shot through the air and impacted on the enemy. It was a perfect hit. The chaff got cleared out with the first two missles, just as simulated, and four more took out the Devastators before they could react. The rest, ten missles, spread around the area and landed for effect. The sand caramelized from the napalm. Aharah watched the desert basin burn blue like flames on a stove.
“Direct hit,” their Overseer’s calmly, watronly voice came on over the symlinq. “Enemy destroyed.”
“Acknowledged,” Anais’s voice said over symlinq, curt and dry. But Aharah sensed internally she was also screaming for joy. She sighed. Her suit relaxed as she relaxed and as if a larvae coming out of a cocoon, she stretched her limbs out in the sand where she had been buried for three days. Almighty, it feels good to move.
[Did they win or is there more? Something hidden? Also camouflaged? With diamond fibers as muscle?]


For those who die
We will join you in
the Great Big Sky

“Then I had them down my sights and I just fired,” Aharah said. Her body rested floating in a vat of nutrient and anti-septic goo. Her symlinq relayed her thoughts over the speaker hooked up to the LifeVat. Thick, double paned glass held the content slightly over one atmosphere’s pressure. The compressioned helped the healing process. Aharah turned and little wires connected to her knees and ankles on microbes tangled her feet. She kicked them free. The thickness of this liquid is like boxing in a dream, she thought, untangling her legs.
The symlinq translated as much as it could. “The thick goo is like my dream,” it sound in Aharah’s voice. A medical attendant turned, slightly stunned.
“That’s not what I was thinking,” Aharah’s voice said again. The medical attendant came up. Her name tag read, “Vyvyan.” Vyvyan had short black hair, and half of her face was hidden by a thin medical mask. A pad in her hands showed Aharah’s life metrics. A red blockage on a sillhouette of her body showed the injury from her mission, a semi-ruptured kneecap.
“How long’s it going to be?” Aharah asked Vyvyan.
“Hi—Hello—First of all,” Vyvyan replied. “Secondly, your kneecap’s only partially torn. Could you recall how?”
Ahrah shrugged her shoulders. The anesthetic had done its work and her body felt loose and free. The usual knots and pains are gone. Even her migraine had temporarily turned off. This felt great, dial this up a few degrees and this could be vacation, she thought. And as she did, she was mindful of the symlinq. Any outburst with her heartrate elevated causes the symlinq to broadcast, at least that seemed to be the pattern to her.
“You have a visitor, Nala,” Vyvyan said. “Would you like to see her?---”
“No—” Aharah said before Vyvyan had finished asking the question. Vyvyan turned to the entrance of the rehab clinic where Nala stood in her post-mission trainers. Her hair was wet from a fresh wash, but small grains of sand still clung to it. Her trainers were grey; her shoes, perfectly white and polished to a shine.
Vyvyan indicated to Nala that there was nothing she could do.
“You disobeyed a direct order, you know,” Nala said.
“And the Mission was successful,” Aharah replied. She motioned for the tank to mute external noise.
“And what if it had not? What if there was something strange,” Nala said.
“Something strange? They were walking slower for God’s sake.”
“Don’t be like that.”
“I am like that,” Aharah said. “What? The enemy was too slow for you? And were you rooting against me? So what if something happened? I would figure out a way for us to not fail. Or, isn’t that your job as Captain?”






