Mars, mother

The first joke I ever told my mother taught me. It was show and tell at my
elementary and my teacher told us we could share anything — I don’t think she meant
for us to tell jokes. I put on my mask and ran home to my mother, who was a purveyor
of novelty.
She told me many but I was lukewarm. Then she told me the joke and I hollered
and hollered. My lungs couldn’t catch air. I told the joke in class the next day. For an
eternal second, the air wrung like a dry towel.
Did I say it right? I had practiced all night. Speaking before the wardrobe my
parents received for their wedding, I could see my crooked bottom teeth reflected on its
glass-. When my father returned, I worked the joke on him and he would laugh more
heartily with each telling.
Now, in the ghastly calm of the classroom, the second passed. Then, the
audience of children collapsed into laughter. My teacher herself teared inconsolably as if
seeing a lost friend. She surfaced for enough air to gasp, “That’s it! That’s it!” then
drowned laughing.
That day, I was funniest boy in school. An entourage followed me. Everyone
knew me.
I got home and told my mother. She gave me a tight hug and sent me to my
homework. In the following days, the joke raged like the flu, decimating the elementary
population and changing many forms. In passing, I heard some guffawed by amateurswithout tension or artistry. Then again, I heard others that were funnier than my own.
The faculty soon banned the joke’s profane mutations. But they couldn’t stop us.
Packed inside the shelter during a Soot Storm, we traded jokes. Forbidden to laugh, lest
we trivialize our situation, we clenched our outbursts between our teeth and felt our ribs
rattle with the roof.
After the storm, I saw the world in monochrome black. On the ride home, the
chemical filters roared to keep us breathing and alive.
When I got home, I found out my father had been promoted. I jumped onto his
legs. He rubbed my shoulders but his face was turned away. It was not a promotion I
understood.
That night my parents fought in their room. I heard shouting and the thunderclap
of doors. The threats of divorce seared my young soul like lightning. I started to scream
on my own, hoping my tantrum could overpower the storm. But I was useless. At dinner,
I kept my head down. My father’s face was taut. A bowl shattered across the dinning
table. My mother had smashed it. I remember the porcelain shards cut white specks like
shooting stars on the dark oak.
My father would go to Mars.
“The air is clean,” he said to my mother, “If I don’t go now, he won’t have the
chance. This is the only way.”
I didn’t want to go to Mars. I just wanted to be wild on the playground and race
the other kids on my bike. I just wanted my parents to be near and proud of me.My father took me aside. “Mars is beautiful,” he said, “the sky is becoming blue,
like how Earth used to be. You and mom won’t have to wear masks outside. And you
can run around in the grass, real grass. Your shoes won’t even get dirty.” He hugged me
tight, his hands grasping. I remember he smelled like soap.
Then my father whispered to me:
“I’ll have to go first…”
I felt cold. Why is it…
“… so you and mom can follow …”
… that people you love want to be heroes.
“… we have to be strong …”
Are we not strong enough?
“… and we’ll be a family again.”
We are a family now, just don’t go.
The day came when my father got on the big rocket to Mars. The ship stood
gargantuan, glass glistening, and awash with sunlight. From miles away, my mother and
I watched him cross the skybridge. He wore a scarlet cape trimmed in gold so we could
spot him glowing like an ember. My mother’s hands clamped my shoulders and her nails
dug into my collarbone. I clenched my knuckles and we looked on.The rocket rose to the sky on behemoth wings of white smoke. Transfixed, I
watched it ascend higher, and higher, until its torso blended with the clouds. But I could
see the flames from its boosters still: The flares looked like my father’s own comet.
Mother’s hands wiped away my tears but I saw her eyes were dry and her sight
was strange. She had left her gaze with my father miles in the sky. She gave me a weak
embrace, and together we wandered along the banks of the murky river with no urgency
to go home. I wondered if my father was sitting, standing, or lying down in his seat — I’ll
ask him when I see him soon.
Some weeks later, as the blasphemous cousins of my joke invaded the
playground, my mother checked me out of class and we went to the Martian consulate.
The building was a white jewel in a stained city. There was not one grain of dust or
smear of ash on its walls. My mother told me that sound waves shook off the dirt; I
giggled thinking of a shivering building. But really, it’s the most beautiful sight you’ve
ever seen.
At the entrance, my mother held me back and told me not to say anything silly to
the officials. I must be quiet and behave myself. It was very important that they liked us.
Behind a window like falling water, a mustached man greeted my mother and me.
He was thin and tall like a sapling and wore a turgid-pressure-skin-suit so he could
stand on our planet without pain. I asked my mother if all Martians were wispy and she
glared at me, but the man smiled. He said he could jump fives times as high on Mars.
He was friendly so I told him Mars must be filled with people blowing in the wind like
posters and he smiled bigger.My mother’s hands were stiff but her voice was lively. She spoke sweetly to the
man. He beamed at her. She was young then, how easily I forget now, and in her youth
she was a charming beauty who commanded many suitors. She was scouted for
commercials because her lustrous hair looked good on holographs. In one ad, she wore
a space attendant’s outfit and tapped the port window of a rocket. The translucent glass
calcified to granite and the cabin darkened. “Sleeping with us is easy,” she then said.
How my father used to tease her about that. She also sang in a women’s troupe for the
christening of rockets. That’s where she met my father, at the birth of a rocket. When I
was young, I asked her why she chose my father, she just grinned coyly with a reflection
in her eyes.
“My husband is a Terraformer working on the atmosphere,” my mother finished
her plea to the Martian, “and we miss him terribly.” The Martian was unmoved. He heard
worse stories every day. He looked to me and I moved behind my mother.
“Do you have anything to say, young man?”
I didn’t.
The Martian shook his head and slammed The Great Black Stamp on our book.
The Martians ushered us out of the consulate.
I whined because I was hungry so we stopped by a street vendor and I slurped a
bowl of salt noodles. I remember I smiled big because the salt jabbed the chapped
corners of my lips. But when I looked over at my mother, she was sobbing quietly into
her small bowl. Her back struggled like a newborn doe learning to breathe. We could tryagain in two years when Earth and Mars aligned again. But after that, we could wait ten
or more years for asylum. There were just too many families separated by Space. For
the first time, I realized that maybe I would not see my father. I cried too.
A year passed and each day I was worse at school. I had been top of my class.
But within a year, I had sunk to the bottom, and the class only got smaller. We lost kids
to lung disease every few week. Most days I stared out the window at the gray sky and
wondered when a Soot Storm was coming and how a red rocket would look zooming up
and away from blackness. My teacher talked to my mother.
“He can’t stay here,” she said to my mother, “He’s lost. He’s not motivated.”
“He’s just homesick,” my mother replied and took me out of class.
How strange that home could depart from the only house I’d ever known. During
the day, the family house was empty. At night, it heard only the crackle of music on the
radio. My father called on the holograph when he had saved some money. Each time he
looked more skeletal. My mother was withdrawn during the calls. They exchanged curt
words. Sometimes my father missed a call due to the time difference. Other times my
mother missed a call due to work. Most times, simply, the blue and red planets were too
far. “Let’s save our money for the trip,” they agreed and the calls stopped.
Around then, my mother also stopped cooking so the kitchen became cold. We
ate Zap! dinners then worked at the dinning table. Instead of learning Martian, I shaded
the leftover scars on the table and drew rockets. My mother wrote many letters of
appeal to the consulate. They did not reply. When my test scores slumped further, mymother raged. I could only think of how my joke was going out of fashion. I resented her
and she resented me. She was young at the time, I have to remember, younger than I
am now. How could a girl still fresh from youth and new to responsibility be the anchor
of two worlds?
Eventually I wore her out. She stopped berating me. “Do what you want.” That
scared me.
So, I went to school.
And, I forgot my mask.
Then, I got sick.
My cough would not go away. Late one night, when the auto-chauffeurs didn’t
run, I fell into a fever. Outside, the winds carried a storm of black ash . She bundled me
in wet blankets to cool me down and keep off the ash. Then she slung me on her bike.
She rode for hours. Her breath touched my murky dreams and I felt, resting on her
back, that she always rode faster than the black winds and smoking tendrils could
snatch us in the dark.
She got us to the hospital and collapsed in the courtyard. The bike was gone.
What was left was just a woman made of tar and her precious bundle that is her baby.
The medics rushed us to emergency and the doctors pumped sludge from her lungs.
They didn’t know how she got us there, blind, or how far she had walked. I’m not brave
enough for the truth.From an adjacent bed, she watched over me as I weaved in and out of dreams.
The fever polluted my mind and I smelled my father’s soap beside me. “Hey buddy, still
telling that joke?” “No.”
One day, when the fever burned at its peak, I heard these refreshing words:
“Mars is blue at night, just like Earth used to be. You can breathe for hours and hours
until your lungs get tired… hours and hours and…” I felt hands squeezing my fingers.
The next morning my fever broke. My mother was beside me, grazing my face
with her fingers. Next to her was my father. His cheeks were sunken but his eyes were
warm and gentle. I reached out to him but my hands passed through his body. It took
me a while to see the flickering lines and realize that the two planets had not aligned
and that my father had not returned home. He had paid for the most expensive and
convincing holograph. My mother held my hands for him. I did not resent him. I felt only
joy and longing.
We ate dinner together every night at the hospital. My favorite was the simple
fried tomato and eggs that we used to cook at home. My father emulated what we had
with a Zap! Ketchup meal. One day, my mother ordered me a model of the Sunbeam,
my father’s own comet.
We assembled the rocket and christened the ship: “May God bless the USS
Stronger Together and all who sail in her.” My father was present on the holograph in his
Terraformer’s uniform. I drank champagne for the first time and we joined together for a
song my mother used to sing with her troupe. She couldn’t sign so she hummed. “Oh!
We so gladly go, home and home again!” For my performance, I told my joke.We had many laughs and it was the nicest time. I remember the hospital as the
best of days.
Mother passed away on a Tuesday morning. It was clear outside, slightly cold.
The branches outside my window bobbled in the wind. She was graceful and kind. She
was a dancer, a singer, a very good joke teller. And a good mother.
After I was healed, my father arranged for me to go back to the consulate. Time
had lost any meaning for me, so two years after our first visit, I returned. The building
was even cleaner and more pristine than I had remembered. I walked to the same
waterfall window and the same Martian, only me this time.
The man, intense, looked through my document. His hand moved to The Great
Black Stamp. I felt nothing. But then he paused. He remembered me. “Well Poster Boy,”
he smiled, and asked with a singing Martian lilt, “Where’s your mother?”
I gazed through him and said nothing.
“Do you have anything to say young man?”
I missed my mother. I missed my father. I missed my family being together. I
missed the fresh air and the days I could go outside and just breathe. I missed the
nights, just laughing with my family. I missed laughter. I missed her and the gift she had
given me.Overcome by a ridiculous moment, I did a ridiculous thing. I told the man our
joke. And, I told it in Martian. The joke flowed with the lilting Martian tongue and could
not have been more natural.
For an eternal second, his saucer eyes grew without bounds on a porcelain face.
Then, the Martian cracked. Silence shattered into countless smithereens and his
piercing laughter bounced between the marble walls as light would between mirrors,
infinitely. I felt the very walls of the building itself rumble with approving glee.
“That’s it! That’s it!” he cried, “I never thought… so long… hear it again.” He
grabbed his fellows and I was shaded by a forest of Martians and stared at as if I were
the alien on Earth. I told the joke one more time and refused encores. How they forgot
themselves, hollering, holding each other from falling.
I got through then. He stamped my papers red like the flare of rockets. On-board
the ship, I sat lying down, looking through the glass dome of the rocket at a grey
heaven. The takeoff felt like when the soot storm rumbled through the school shelter
and rattled my bones. Exhausted, I tapped the window and the glass turned to stone. I
fell asleep.
I sailed through Space for a long time.
When the perfect red circle finally met my eyes, I tugged at her sleeves and said,
“Mars, mother.”
…I live on Mars now, and have been for a very long time. I walk barefoot among
the pristine sage grass and thousand-foot trees. At night, I look upon the purple oceans
and indigo seas, I sway with them, and I breathe greedily.
Long ago, when my mother was a young singer in a troupe, a young man
approached her. He told her the funniest joke from Mars and she knew they would be
married.