“Donchu fuckin’ dare!” Pace Tom shouted.
His leggy form vaulted over the hood of his parked convertible hovercraft, his effortless bedhead hair tossing briefly in the air. Even in anger, he smiled a little smile, admiring his own movement, his own finesse. Too cocky. His jeans snagged on the hood ornament, one he had jacked from a higher-end vehicle but never installed properly. His half-assed work caught him.

From Nora: That sentence is doing a lot of work, it is characterization, backstory, social economic level and reveals character. “Good! Character instantly created.”


Nolen Dawn didn’t believe in psychics or prophecy. He believed in blood pressure, interest rates, and orbital mining yields. He believed in the chip in his brain that kept him functioning after the strokes; he believed in the artificial heart grown from his DNA that would keep him ticking when his inevitably gave out, and soon. He also believed that his late wife had a gift he could not explain. That witchy woman cursed him all his life. And still, the day she died was the saddest day in his.

A good start to the book. Confident omniscient narrator who can fly in different psychic distances.


The Tower. Lightning strikes. The Golden Dome cracks
And topples. You dare knock the House of God again?
Had you forgotten your punishment? Or…
Should your kindred be scattered s’more.
Perhaps you have lived in penance for
So long that your nature has adapted
To sufferring, and know it no more
Than fish, the water, or birds, the
Aether. Try again. Knock. Open
that door and be reminded that
Language can break forever.

Cataclysm, from Greek,
Kataklusmos (Deluge),
via Latin to French,
Cataclysme. 灾变
(Disastrous
Change)

The ones who speak a language of one
froth in tongues. You thought the
Waters loud? Let fires be dumb.

Nature does not waste energy.
It expresses kinds of gravity.
What hangs must fall.
See. Two plummet.
Conversion of
Potential
Through
Kinesis
To new
Clash!
Bang!
Boom
ॐ

[Model for the Tarot voice and for epic poetry in the novel. Nora liked the sentence.]