Hassan will be titled:

Hassan; Or, The Legend of the Ages

It will have the same ambitions that once Victor Hugo set out: To tell the future of humanity through the ages and our struggle and triumphs. I would like it to ultimately end in eternal victory (how could that be possible, perhaps it is the moral sort); Or naturally it could end with the end of the ages.

Let us now go to the first age: The Age of Murk. It is set on Earth in the years 209x.

Interwoven into this narrative is an epic poem called “Invictus,” perhaps it is called “Jaya” or even “Kai” for Victory. This is the new Age of Settlement.

And the last age tells the story of Hyfe and his one hundred strong who go into the Crater - this is the Age of …? I don’t know. But they win at the end.

Hassan; or, The Legend of the Ages.

Well… what are the names of the ages? The Garden; The Stage; The River.

Let us name the characters.


Aesthetic: Dreampunk and mythic science
Mythic science: the bridge between what we know and what we sense


The Stage (lovers)
Pace (was Bruce) - protagonist; Pace means “peace,” hidden last name, possibly Anderson. Pace Tom-Anderson; Tom is Chinese; 譚 (Tan, Tam, Thom); Pace Thom-Anderson
Marco, artist to be replaced; Marco means “Mars; Warlike” - Dead, Pace’s best friend, “replaced.”
Elvira - “Truth, spear,” aka “Eva.” Eva = Life, or living one; CLONE of real daughter.
Nolen Dawn, American industrialist; Nolan means “Champion”; An empiricist, rationalist; However, respects “cartomancy” because his late wife had a gift he could not explain; Inspiration: Patriarch from Succession
Lola Dawn - Lola, Dolores “Sorrows”
Titan Li, Chinese industrialist; Ander’s father
The Board, controls replacement and automation
New Ethics, controls laws and policies regarding AI
The Machine Prophet, a symbiosis of AI + Bruce
E. AI - super intelligence version E, encoded in human DNA; wants to understand the Werdie
F. AI - super intelligence version F, encoded in beams; terrified, wants to consume the Werdie
Callsign Paperwing - a parapeligic pilot entombed in a cockpit
The Spooky Actor - Spirit intelligence, called “the Weirdie” by E.AI and F.AI; That thing scares them - something that loves Humanity; the spirit intelligence; the Pattern in Randomness. Wyrd: Fate, holly fuck. “The Spooky Actor is called that because it performs ‘spooky action at a distance’—meaning it is entangled through all time and therefore able to stir and guide the actors.”; The Tarot Voice
Kāla - Elvira/Eve’s hanunoid

The Garden (mentors)
the unamed warrior - protagonist
Eve, a queen who was abandoned and seeks revenge (against the Meat)
Dawn, warrior’s lover who beckons him home
The nymph, who loves the warrior and helps him
Gypsy, the warrior’s horse
The Mercenary, an efficient professional
The Gladiator, a fighter who contests the Maestro
The Master (Maestro), a sword savant, Eve’s lover who dies to the Meat
Mirror Man, “The Mirror Man as only a mirror can”
The Meat - antagonist


The River (family)
Ahra - protagonist 1, Middle Princess of the Jia, ward of Baltazar
Anais - protagonist 2, Youngest Princess of the Jia, ward of Baltazar
Nala, eldest princess of the Jia, step-sister; “The Lyoness”
Hyfe - protagonist 3, a minor prince of the Haz, son of the Haz King
Arahan, the servant
Apollo, Apollyon; Abaddon
Baltazar, “Black Dog,” a figher who rises to promience and becomes a Magi
The Emperor of the Jya, who is not really there
Mouser, Baltazar’s friend who becomes the Haz King
Hazzan, the slaver chief and gang boss who owns Baltazar and Mouser
The Pain Lord, Dhukka Khan - chief antagonist, the King of the Haz; “Saturn devouring his son”
President of the Electorates, TV President
The Teacher of Teachers Tathāgata The Spirit, a life giving force, descendant of E. AI
The Anti-Spirit, “The name of the enemy changes,” descendant of F. AI
Sephine, mother to Ahra and Anais, Hazzan’s concubine and Baltazar’s lover
Hagar - plain servant to Hazzan, mother to Nala
Gypsa - Anais’s astral bike
D’Ana - teacher to Ahra, Anais, Nala
El Fuerte - a swordsman from another land



<$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Name bank
<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>* Esmine, Esmée - esteemed, beloved - French; Emerald in Spanish
* LauraLie - A siren who sings and guides sailors into rocks, but the ship passes if her true love is aboard; Also a French composition; Also, Lorelei - “Temptress; Luring Rock”; Laurel tree, Victory
* Kolya - “Victory to the People.”
* Samurda - Gathering together of Waters
* Manthana - churning, stirring; Deep reflection and contemplation
* Nariko = means, gentle child; Thunder
* Tanaka = "our lives have been made beautiful" (田中) - Middle of the rice field
* Tathāgata = One who comes goes, “Thus come, thus gone,”; Wind, Gone with the Wind
	He who has arrived in such fashion, i.e. who has worked his way upwards to perfection for the world's good in the same fashion as all previous Buddhas.
	He who walked in such fashion, i.e. (a) he who at birth took the seven equal steps in the same fashion as all previous Buddhas or (b) he who in the same way as all previous Buddhas went his way to Buddhahood through the four Jhanas and the Paths.
	He who by the path of knowledge has come at the real essentials of things.
	He who has won Truth.
	He who has discerned Truth.
	He who declares Truth.
	He whose words and deeds accord.
	The great physician whose medicine is all-potent. The only one with the antidote to the Hala.
* Jīna (“Gene”) - (जिन) spiritual victor
* Kazushi - to off balance set up the throw - Kazushi Sakuraba: Gracie hunter
* Tsukuri - “to fit into the throw”
* Kake - “Executing the throw with acceleration”
	Therefore the aim of Tsukuri is to prepare (by movement, your own posture, gripping) your opponent (and yourself) for a throwing technique
	that
	his Center of Mass is outside of the support (Kuzushi = the structure of your opponent is broken / is disrupted = a state)
	and
	you can use a throwing technique and fit into the throw and execute the throw into the direction of Kuzushi = Kake (a move)
* Pancras - all-powerful; Pancras of Rome was a 14-year-old boy who was beheaded for his faith
* Arrhichion - “One who breaks through; unbeatable”; The only man to win the Olympics while dead.
* Aggiasm - pankratist
* Hiromu Arakawa - Fullmetal author
* 破壞 (pòhuài): to destroy
* 壓境 (yājìng) : pressing to the border (of the territory)
* Chengyu: Proverb
* Batu - Ghenghis Khan’s sun who invaded Rus; Sank the hidden city
* Dai Ön Ulus - “Great is Qian” “The Primal” Name of Yuan Dynasty
* 同心 (tóngxīn) - one heart
* 作戰 (zuòzhàn) - go to war
* 前途 (qiántú) - Future, destiny
扭捏 (niǔniē) - Tweak, shy, fussy, overly delicate
不認輸 (bù rènshū) - Never give up; Never surrender
開闊 (kāikuò) – broaden, open up
求勝 (qiúshèng) – seek victory
要決心 (yào juéxīn) – need determination
又害怕 (yòu hàipà) – and afraid
心亂 (xīn luàn) – your mind is in chaos
時光 (shíguāng) – time (as it passes); not Time, but time that passes
留情 (liúqíng) – show mercy, be lenient
無情 (wúqíng) – merciless, ruthless, heartless
活命 (huómìng) – survive, preserve your life
沙場 (shāchǎng) – battlefield; literal—Sand Field
殘酷 (cánkù) – cruel, brutal
血光 (xuèguāng) – “blood light” — a poetic term for bloodshed
殺戮 (shālù) – massacre, slaughter
害怕 (hàipà) – afraid, fearful
回路 (huílù) – return path, way back
Oulipo - Constradinted literary movement
Eunoia— Opposite of Paranoia; “Beautiful Thinking”
Calafia—Queen of California, namesake; 
Scheherazade
Dolores - “Sorrows” in Spanish
Rassa - From Ursula Le Guin’s instructive passages on points of view from Steering the Craft
Atulam — is a Sanskrit word meaning "unequalled," "unmatched," or "incomparable."
Sunwise
Xing
Tank
Tetraton
Zinogre
Aja - “The Unborn” Brahma in Sanscrit; 
Érgon (ἔργον): A noun meaning "work" or "work"
Sherab (shes rab) – From shes (knowledge) and rab (excellent), meaning profound understanding.
Raḥma: Compassion (loving-kindness for all beings): رحمة (pronounced: Raḥma)
Arabic word tanwīr, meaning "enlightenment" or "radiance" and used in names and titles, such as the name Tanvir or Tanwir
Clio, Erato, Thalia, Terpsichore, Calliope, Polyhymnia, Euterpe, Melpomene, and Urania - The Muses
Eska: “Shelter” and “ash tree” Hebrew / Finnish
