Our Gift
The First Passage of Hassan

There was a tree—
Made by God, not by fools like you and me—
in the middle of a prairie painted red
by the sands beneath. It stood alone in a clearing,
surviving brutal storms without the shelter of a forest.
What it lacked in grandeur,
it made up for in tenacity—
thriving in the space left by fallen trees.

It stood between the lands of two families—
the Jia and the Haz. Each had a cottage on a hill,
manned by a brigade of brothers and sisters.

For a time, they could see each other—
until the tree’s canopy grew full
and blocked the view from house to house.

Bands of brothers took up swords and steel.
They met at the tree where vision was lost—
hollering dares, trading boasts.
Threats turned to action.
They went at it.

Both sides lost a son.
The tree was cut down.

And so began
the four-thousand-year blood feud on Hassan.




There was a tree
Made by God and not by fools
Like you and me
In the middle of a prairie scattered with
Red sands and other trees
Forming a forest with a bald patch where the sapling stood,
Shouldered on all sides by brother trees
Of mightier size and portion, and what it
Lacked in strength and grandeur, the little tree
Made up for in endurance and tenacity,
Surviving and thriving through many storms
That took down the older trees creating space
For it to grow.
It stood between the lands of two families
The Jia and the Haz - each had a cottage on a hill
That acted as a guard tower for the families to station
And small brigade of men and women. And for a while,
They had view of each other. Until, the tree grew to enough size
With a full canopy that blocked the view of each house
From the other. Bands of brothers grabbed swords and axes
And took to the tree where vision was obscured. They met
And hollered at each other, niceties thrown to the wind. Their dares
And boasts agitated each side and the men took to their weapons
And provocation escalated quickly to kill or be killed. They went at it.
Both sides lost a son. The tree was eventually cut down.
And thus,
The four thousand year blood feud on Hassan had begun.
Their names were the Jia and the Haz.


