“Remember… Consciousness is power. Tomorrow’s world is yours to build.”
—Yuri Kochiyama, 20th century civil rights activist; printed on an old wall in ‘Frisco


January 2nd, 2069, 4:01AM

“Donchu fuckin’ dare!” Pace Tom shouted.
His leggy form vaulted over the hood of his stranded hovercraft, his effortless bedhead hair tossing briefly in the air. Even in anger, he smiled a little smile, admiring his own movement, his own finesse. Too cocky. His jeans snagged on the hood ornament, one he had jacked from a higher-end vehicle but never installed properly. His half-assed handiwork caught up to him. The denim ripped from hip to thigh. He went down hard. Pace posted a hand to soften the impact.
Crunch.

Vegas was three hours away; it had stayed three hours away for the last five… or six. Time ran on, same as the sands—dismal, microscopic, in pleats of spirals and wavelets that whispered “Almost, almost”—but to whom, and for why, was each one’s interpretation who floated along that old dusty highway and the airoad above.
Pace didn’t ask. He had no capacity. His eyes were so heavy… laden by the insomnia of a ninety-six-hour binge, he barely hovered over the controls in the snug cockpit, hovercraft teetering in its lane. A string symphony played on loop from the radio.
He had doubted the purity of that chipped gem of resined Hala. But he didn’t want to know anyways because his guilt could bad the trip. So, back at that dingy DNA lounge in Frisco, Pace had huffed it. He huffed it with such desperation that it would have embarassed a shipwrecked sailor caught drinking from the sea.
He sniffed.
A dribble of blood crawled out of his thinned nostrils. The aftertaste in the back of his throat was iron and nickel. Why’s that Sun hiding? He wondered.
His revelry was interjected by sharp chirps from the cabin. Warning. Pull up. It repeated, but its message went unheeded, its sound melted into the looping textures of the symphony still playing on the radio. The sands slipped by. The parallax of the mountains somnambulated to sleep. The horizon showed promise of new burst, a bump against the flat.  More sands slipped by. As the ship dipped, the mountain peaks stacked together with its augmented perspective lines into an Isoceles. Pace, half-asleep at the wheel, flew toward the tip of that triangle, laxing into infinity.
Too late.
The overlay in the hovercraft fizzed out as the vehicle dipped beneath the airoad’s visual stream. The craft went down. Down. Down, until its belly slid onto the plush sand, red paint rinsed from its bottom to chrome, like some beluga bird-fish finally beached and at home. There was the sound of snow in the desert as the crash diffused through the cabin’s dampener. Pace had installed it himself, more expertly than the hood-ornament, because he prided himself audiophilically on a job well done when it came to acoustics and sound.
So the craft went down gently, with Pace plastered over the yoke, right cheek embedding an imprint, tongue drooling. His bloodshot left eye remained open, though. From an unconscious depth, his fingers still tweaked the controls, smoothing out the landing.

The towman came along the highway on wheels.
It was a big truck. A rig, really. Sixteen wheels, mounted in sets of twos, supported the monstrous angularity of the vehicle. A cabin prowled at the front like a head, and with a lunging frame and smokestacks for ears, it had the look of a hellhound. The rig had not been built for municipal duty. Its fate had been for war. But the war never came. Burned in black stencil against its rusted hull was the company’s name, which read:
“Sentinel Tower, NLC.”
Pace was taking a piss in the unobstructed open. He muttered the company name under his breath as breath became soft steam in the pre-dawn morning. Unjacketed, shivering, still in a trance, he witnessed the preponderous machine from a dream. It slowed—grinding and groaning under the impedance of its own weight, brakes catching, skipping, screeching. Pace winced. The rig pulled off the road. Its tires, tall as a man and hard as stone, rolled over the dip and hump of the asphalt onto sand. Four times it stuttered. Ba-dum. Ba-dum. Ba-dum. Ba-dum. Once for each row of wheels.
The rig trawled toward Pace. 
The sloshing friss of a million grains of sand giving way stood his hairs on end. He shivered. Then went back to his business.
Swaying his hips, Pace repeated the company name. “...Tower?” He played with the syllables, breaking them apart. “Tow-er. Tow…er.” He squeezed his bum. “Ah,” he sighed, expelling the last of the stream. “A tow-er,” he said, shaking off the last drops. “One who tows.” He frowned. “That doesn’t look right,” he mumbled. “That spelt right?” He zipped up, careful not to catch the goods.
Arms tucked over opposite elbows to trap in heat, Pace walked back to his craft. The Sun had yet to come up, still.
The blur of white over the horizon softened invitingly, spread osmotically through a void atmosphere as the day waited for day to come. In this moment, in the liminal dark, things felt possible. Light had not cast its certainty onto the world yet, judging harshly. Unlike midday, when the sun blared overhead—playing its heat too bright, baking the world solid, so the day felt ready to be done with—before morning, the atoms had not congealed yet. Clouds of possibility fanned and frayed high and thin, seeping with incandescence.
A crisp wind blew. Pace sucked it in and choked on oxygen. He hacked, bowled over. His eyes stung with brine, and yet that little smile appeared, curling the corners of his mouth into a little wave like the Milky Way.
He looked at that horizon line so far away. He wished he had arrived.
He also wished it stayed forever far away, because in that awayness it was imperishable… angelic. He could not screw it up.
Pace sighed.
The sound of cracked clay and punctured earth turned his head.
The rig had was expanding into a platform. Mounting stakes sucked up by hydraulics punched into the ground. On its back, an array of harpoons readied.
Then it dawned on him.
Pace sprinted, cursing.
“Donchu fuckin’ dare!” he shouted, his leggy form vaulting over the hood of his stranded hovercraft… even in anger, wearing a cocky little smile.
…Crunch.

Pace Tom writhed on the ground. He clutched his wrist, beat his feet. The patter made plump sounds against the fabric of the sand. Beneath, the hardpan thumped, echoing like muted drums through the valley. He gurgled curses, his fractured ulna shorting his nerves with white-hot pain. He bit his tongue to keep it down but bit too hard. More curses. More blood. He curled into a ball.
A few feet away, the towman oversaw a drone scanning their tow. He glanced at the ragged figure, shook his head, and went about his business.
“You gonna give me a hand?” Pace shouted.
No answer.
“You’re not—”
Hands-free, he posted onto his shoulder, then wormed onto his knees.
“You’re not—”
Pace sank between his own hips. He was heavy. His muscles clung to his bones. Once-soft colors turned lurid. A tinny pitch climbed in his ears.
The Hala was wearing off.
The sky melted. Stars became appalling. A guttural, primal mode of surviving replaced sentiments of grandiosity. The horizon—that reliable line—tilted. The ground untethered. What is a primate to do
when the line
	it orients by
		vanished beneath its feet?
“You a’ight?” the towman asked.
From the corner of his eye, Pace saw a name tag. John. Henry. John. Going toe to toe with me towman? Pace weakly put up his fists. She ain’t going nowhere. Pace staggered and fell to his side. Colors drained. He shut his eyes. Cupped his ears. Pain took on sound.
His Withdrawal Overture began. No.
Begun.
A hellish orchestra tuned to a cacophony. Make it stop. His head was vised. His skull flooded. Fluids pressed and crashed against his brain. Sound; pressure; agony—all were swelling. Even his scalp was too tender for his hair. When they stirred, fields lit aflame. Pace screamed. The pandemonium racked so loud, he may as well have been screaming into eternity.
Strings. First Strings, Second Strings;
Scratched across his membrane.
Brass and Winds ballooned
gray matter near rupture.
Mater, he moaned, I’ll be pious—please,
Save the rapture for me.
Poor boy.
It was hard to endure.
His blood strangled.
His breath chocked.
His mind primed to explode—
Then crash!
Cymbals—those blasted things—
Crash! Bang! Hassan!
His gut lurched up.
He fought it down.
Drums.
Drums shook from his temple
To his white core.
Beats. Beats. No…
Feet.
Struggling, Pace pried an eye open.
And saw—Hell’s Conductor.
The demon lunged toward him, wielding a needle as a baton. Its point glinted with an evil star.
Back! Back! Cursed demon, back!
	You—djinn of ruin!
Pace kicked his feet to run, but they flopped. He gasped, his lungs failed. Shadow loomed over him. The demon reeked of gasoline. Behind, its colossal hound—Cerberus—blew acrid smoke through its upturned nose. The sludge of billion years vaporized into smog. The smell dragged Pace back to that DNA lounge, back to a fecal-stained stall where, near mad, copulating, he had smelled the mixture of tar and human waste. There, Pace had prayed to God to take him. No one answered.
Now facing the devil, Pace realized he didn’t really want to go.
No.
The towering demon raised the needle.
No.
It drove the point down. Into Pace’s heart. What little space remained in his psyche swelled with music.
Then all stopped.
Pace was dead.
Silence.
How strange it was to hear the harmony of an absolute hush… His eyes blinked to the quiet. How wonderful, the sound of no sounds.
A puff.
His chest released. Pressure escaped. His airway opened up. Pace gasped. An animating spirit surged through his body.
His heart beat again.
The syringe had delivered its antidote.
His head hit the ground. His esophagus opened as he pushed the poison out. His sins came up in liquids and chunks. It felt so cathartic. So good. He was no more human than a meat tube expelling its innards.
Yet somehow, even in this undignified state, an old joke still came up. Marcos said: “What did the monk say to the hotdog vendor?”
Make me one with everything.
Pace heaved.
Everything out.
The world calmed. Ground settled below; sky returned above. The horizon separated apes from angels once again.
Pace, prostrated on the ground in a puddle of his own orange and brown, enjoyed the serenity. Little tremors worked themselves out. The day’s first beams even washed his face.
The shadow stepped back.
Pace squinted at the large man.
“You alive?” the towman asked.
Pace grinned stupidly from cheek to cheek. Throat hoarse from the purge and bitter with stomach acid, he said:
“You’re not—you’re not towing my car.”
The towman’s mouth opened.
Then closed.
“Jesus Christ,” he whispered and put the syringe back into his pocket.

The towman, Henry John, lugged Pace over a shoulder. The long one’s weight swung unevenly like a sack of logs.
Henry humped his cargo to the passenger side of the rig and whistled for the lift. The rig listened, clunking into action, lowering a cantilevered scaffold as an ancient would lower its arthritic arm. The towman waited with his baggage.
 He wasn’t cold against the dawn. He was sweating. Steam escaped from his untacked collar, his sleeve holes—vented from his back through eyelets meant for hooking lines during a manual tow. He himself was like a machine—working—locomoting—dripping from his cuffs due to condensation. Pace wiggled and slipped a little. Henry drove into the ground with his hind and, using the opposing force borrowed from the earth, shrugged Pace up. The long one slumped between the large man’s neck and shoulder.
Civilians weren’t supposed to be out here. The place had been red-lined since 10PM last night. But of course some kid had to DUI through an active sweep. And not even one of Echelon’s kids. Now Henry had to haul the body out before the Splinters showed up and pulped everything.
The passenger lift thunked. And stopped. Henry John stepped on, and without a wasted moment, the hydraulics hissed, drawing him up. He turned slowly to face the horizon. The clouds were pregnant. The winds chanted higher and faster. The embryonic dawn showed its bump and it was all glory waiting to be born. Henry John closed his eyes and said a prayer. The morning light careened off his black skin, though lined and wrinkled, to a smoothness as if he had been molded from bronze… burnished to gold….
The lift stopped. The passenger side door slid open. Inside, the cabin was spartan like a chapel.
Two benches sat side by side near the front: one for the driver, one for the navigator. Behind them, terraced higher and welded to the walls, were two more for the robotics-wincher and the gunner-planner. In the center of the cabin, encircled by an oval aisle, the commander’s chair sat empty. The benches were all factory-new, though bleached pale over time by sunlight. That is, except for the driver’s seat, which sagged from holding weight day after day. Stacked with cushions rubbed frayed, backed by a poncho, it—and not the commander’s chair—had the real look of command. It faced the window. Panoramic glass wrapped from wall to wall, offering a sweeping view of the desert floor below. As the Sun crowned, ghostly morning light refracted through the thick, dust-streaked glass, flooding the cabin in pale blue.
Henry John stepped into the cabin. He hoisted Pace higher up on his shoulder—that one liked to slip—and waded his way around the central oval to the passenger chair. He braced his core with a huff of breath and gently set Pace down onto the bench.
Pace tossed and moaned. His feet dangled an ankle’s length too long over the edge, showing his white socks and patent leather shoes even more out of place. He folded his arms under his head like a pillow and turned to the side facing away from the light anointing the window. A purr turned to a snore, and he slept as if he’d not rested in any place he could call home for so long — he slept. Henry John took the poncho from his chair and covered Pace, careful to conceal his butt cheek that hung out from the ripped jeans.
The towman stood straight and stretched. His spine popped with satisfying alignment. Then he returned to work. The beluga was still beached and needed to be towed.
Henry John went to the driver’s console and checked that the rig had deployed its platform. Out the portside window, an outrigger beam extended to full length and braced against the ground. At its base, pneumatic stakes had punched deep, anchoring the vehicle.
He locked his fist into the control gauntlet and, with motion long since inurned into muscle, commanded the vehicle to continue on its own.
After a lag, the onboard computer took over.
Something was off.
“Check system,” Henry said.
The monitor flickered and read: nominal.


