About your story:

How did Adrienne hear Theo has sex?
Semicolon in speech? What sort of musical note does it represent?
How did you know the biological experience of pregnancy? “She could feel a fullness in her belly now, a hardness beneath the stretching of her skin?”
Choice behind no quotation marks?
What’s the significance of Montoya’s flirting with Adrienne in the story? The scene shows he is married in the next sentence.
When to italicize thoughts? “I should not have this baby, her mind raced. What the fuck am I doing?”
“Like the one before.” She had another baby? Was this hinted at earlier?
Inspiration for the story of this piece?
Had Theo cheated on Adrienne before? Slept with other women than the one he did in the story?
What was Roxy’s intention in telling Adrienne about Crow’s wife/daughter and his wife’s wealth? Was she being a gossip? Does she think Crow also owes them when she says “He does the right thing [in giving his wealth away to the locals]”?
There are a few characters that are quickly introduced then gone, is this what you were saying about how you were wrestling w whether to give them more backstory but like in life, people show up and then go? Also the universe feels bigger? How do you balance this technique with introducing a lot of new names? (The dogs’ names, Rhonda, Mona, Jo’s, Smith’s, Carsons)

This passage:

Crow.
She put her hands on his shoulders, turned them towards her. They looked into each other’s faces. I love you, Adrienne said, and like a witness, she listened to the words fall out from her lips.
The mountain hovered beside them. The sky turned blackness streaked with pink. He stared at her, the sad lights in his eyes. He didn’t smile. I love you too, he said. You’ll be alright. Then he turned towards the place they both lived, across the gap.

Question: Why not have “I love you…”’s on their own line, referencing our conversation about putting significant dialogue that need to stand out on its own line. Is this to make it less melo-dramatic? Real-life?
	
