“Midweek monks with monster W-2s and muses in every tab.”
“We’re midweek gods now. Midweek monarchs. Midweek monks with monster W-2s and muses in every tab.”

“people are so pretentious about it. They'll call Hassan genre. But "literary fiction" is not really literature, it's faux literature passing as a genre.”

“Robbing Peter to pay Paul.”

“Will this thing I don’t understand be validated by systems I do?”

Model: Frank Llyod Write; Eyvand Earle; Sol Lewitt; Steve Jobs

"You can trust your eyes again."

We must give peope better things. Beautiful, hopeful, available things!

Art is about Fear. Pain.

They are all about self expression as if, if not expressing themselves will make them vanish... and then they see their egos expressed and it's garbage.

Art has become vapid, not only commercial, but self-grandizing. All the existential fears as they call it are just professional anxiety. Real fear, the fear of death and murder, and the hope for a a righteous god, now that! has insipred some nice paintings.

Less is more; more is less; nothing is best of all unless it's boring.

You can't blame them, they grew up in ugly places, ugliness is what they sleep in.

Some people have the eye. Some don't.

It's about depth. Shallowness and fascimile is offensive, like flaying and wearing another's skin like a party dress. But. Across cultures, across chasms, we know it to the core of our bones. Good art even birds can see.

"God. Damn. Nerds."

"People outsource their taste to consensus."
"When I wasn't famous, everything I did was weird. Now I'm famous, every shit I take is gold."


"Society is constantly trying to stop the guy you're trying to be."

"Normality is a tyranny invented by cowards."

"What I do not like is the culture of complaint."

"Attorneys are poison to the negotiation. The longer the document gets the more like you're to run into trouble. Handshake."

"If you don't have a deal in two days, you won't have a deal in two years either." "There must be urgency to bring you together."

"IF you have a fire within you, a conviction within you, and another who wants the same, it will come together."

"I feel blessed. It fell into my lap. In a way, I deserved it but you have to be lucky as well."

"I don't have a guarantee. But I have three things: My word. My face. My hand."

"I would move a real ship. Because I want audiences back in the position to trust their eyes again."

“We are thieves. We get away with the most beautiful loot. Loot! That’s what we have to do. Hit and run.”

“Why do you trust hearsay over your own experience, ask me anything and I’ll bear my heart to you, you beautiful creature.”

“She wears the sunset like a gown
Around her
Even golden hour lingers”


“They may think I’m crazy but. Internally—I have consistency. I wanted at least one person to know that, Bruce.”


“No one tells me wha to do! Not even me!”

“You have to understand that pride is an emotion too.”







