Research goals for 6/9 period:

Find 3 works and see their connections
The Once and Future King because
Hyfe is the Platonic Leader
And we read American History
To know the Platonic President
(See Reagan and Gorbachev:
How the Cold War Era Ended)
And also Ghenkis Khan and the
making of the modern world.
+ Slaughter House 5
+ Gatsby
+ 2 Editing Books:
++ Editing for Fiction Writers
++ Blue Book of Grammar
+++ Elements of Style
+++ 101 ways to improve your writing book

With Vipassana Meditation
Yoga
Calisthenics
Tennis
And Jiujitsu mixed in.

Go clean and sober.
Will have cleaned apartment.
Will have cleaned car.
Will have gotten to 168 lbs.
No porn. 6/15/2025 last day.

Different kinds of *espers. Absolute pitch. Synesthesia. Etc. Thesis, as humans are put into more competitive games, new neural powers are evolved. This comes from gamers.

Thoughts:

Marco is also a healer who lives in a tower in a secluded castle in the middle of a forbidden forest.

There’s a girl who wired up her kinetic impulses and emotional control with the stock market. She gets wild ebbs and flows with the market, madness, pity, great great addictive joy.

There’s a man who tried to remove his circuitry for craving and aversion and install absolute equinimity. He screwed up the experiment and now every second is sub-divided into seconds, into seconds… He cut off complete stimuli and response from the outside world, but the responses are also not triggered by the mind-object, so he looks out from his mortal shell as if in a coma but he knows HE cut off the escape and it is as if wearing an armor of himself and he merely peeks out of eyeholes in his own skin—that’s the state of the man in seeming perfect contentment, with a wink of a smile on his lips, and his family and friends happily abiding. From the outside.
For him eternity lasts forever in a moment.


“Over absurd timescales, even deterministic systems can become effectively unpredictable if their state space is vast.”



A planet in the Hassaniverse has convergent tectonic plates
So they had to get off world before the plates collided
And detonated the population. This was passed
Down through recording.


If we're going by solely what we see in the games, especially MGR, a Cyborg Ninja today would completely change modern warfare as we know it.

Even an early model like Gray Fox was practically immune to small-arms fire and could wipe the floor with the highest degree of Special Forces troops. If you deployed Gray Fox into a small conflict against militia-level troops he could foreseeably win a war by himself. Only realistic countermeasures would be genetic supersoldiers or nuclear-equipped walking battle tanks which, as far as I know, don't exist (yet).

Come the Raiden-generation, Cyborg Ninjas would be the conventional equivalent of atomic bombs. If he played his cards right and picked his battles wisely, Raiden could pretty much solo any modern military force. Guns, bombs, tanks, etcetera all mean squat against a man that could bisect and suplex a Metal Gear. The only liable countermeasure I could maybe forsee is air power. Guy with a sword can't exactly take on a fighter jet. However that still requires the jet to hit him which is no easy feat.

In a world of a Cyborg Ninja arms-race, I think you'd see conventional militaries be repurposed solely for occupation and defence. Cyborg Ninjas would be the offensive spearheads of every future conflict. Duels between two Ninjas would be counted as "major battles" for the strategic and economic consequences of losing just one dude.

In the end, Cyborg Ninjas would basically legitimise "Great Man" Theory as wars could be realistically measured in the strategic accomplishments of individual soldiers. This, however, ignores the probably unholy costs of developing Cyborg Ninjas which would likely be upwards of the several hundreds of billions of Dollars.

TL;DR: Viable? To a world-changing degree. If one can afford to make one.

They are called “Agents” on earth, “Splinter Agents”: Creates and pursues goals, adapts to change

Hassan - All descendents of Billionaires from Earth

Hyfe learns intelligence without compassion creates monsters.

Avatar - The One
Air - Intuition
Earth - Logic
Fire - Creativity
Water - Emotion
Master of all quadrants leads to the Avatar State in all of us.

Toes - strong feet

 Toe cast shoes

*Everyone is conscripted to the army.
“Uncleaness in the army.” - Deuterotomy


Hassan army 2 years of mandatory service and training. Forever friendships.

You join either the Western Defense Force or the United Nations of Asia.

















