“He cut himself on a piece of metal he found floating in the ocean,” Vera said.
“Let me see,” the Maestro commanded. Valentine lifted the towel and it unstuck from his skin, leaving little yellow fibers around the wound. Even though the cut had been half an inch deep just an hour before, it had already closed. Only a faint line was left where old epidermis peeled away. Even Vera was startled. She hide her face quickly when the the Maestro turned to her.
“Are you lying to me?” he asked, his voice shaking.
Vera looked the Maestro in the eyes, collecting herself.
“Maestro, you know I cannot lie,” Vera said.
The Maestro sighed, and as he did, his bad knee buckled and he almost fell. But Vera, quick as a fox, supported him under an arm and hoisted him upright. She almost cried out, Dad.
“Oh Vera,” the Maestro said, “My dear Vera…”
“It’s alright, Maestro,” Vera said. With his chest leaning against her, Vera felt the old man’s speeding heart.
“I thought…” he said, struggling to get the words out.
“You thought I’d lied to you,” Vera said, resting her temple against the Maestro’s head.
“You wouldn’t do that would you?” he said.
“I can’t—and I would never,” she said, her voice steeled with conviction.
“Set me down,” the Maestro said, pointing to a chair by near the window. Vera shot Valentine a glance, and he jumped into action, grabbing the chair and brought it closer. The Maestro grunted and sat down.
“I have to leave for a while,” he said, looking out the window at the City.
Vera followed his gaze.
“There?” she asked.
The Maestro nodded. Midday, the City swarmed like a hive under its dome, full of chaotic energy. Meanwhile, the ever consistent bay glimmered with small ripples. It was quiet and calm. Valentine imagined the noise of the City under the wrap but found his neural-memories oddly missing. He saw neural-records but were dated from five years ago. Why was this piece missing from the Ainos Enigram, he wondered. The Maestro’s gruff voice pulled Valentine out of his thought.
“Your boss called,” the Maestro said.
Valentine pointed at himself, his face slightly twisted in confusion.
“The Ainos Enigram has summoned you?” he gasped with a child-like astonishment.
The Maestro nodded.
“What does the Ainos Enigram sound like?” Valentine rushed with questions. “Where is the Ainos Enigram? What does it want—” The Maestro paused Valentine with an open hand.
“The messsage came through New Ethics,” the Maestro said.
On hearing that, Vera frowned. She bent down and took the old man’s hand in hers.
“New Ethics is not the Aninos Enigram,” she said. The statement passed through her, true.
The Maestro shrugged. “Close enough. For us mortals,” he said. On hearing those words, Vera bowed her head once more and seemed to retreat into herself. Through his atmospheric sensors, Valentine felt Vera’s temperature drop. He wanted to touch her and warm her up. But he felt embarrased to do so in front of the Maestro.
“What do they want from you?” Valentine asked.
“What else could they want,” the Maestro said. “A performance review.” The way he spoke made Vera shake.
“How long will you be gone?” she asked.
The old man patted her hands.
“Not long. Just over the weekend,” he said, most cheerful. But Valentine caught a despondent undertone beneath the well-practiced artist’s delivery.
He’s lying, Valentine thought. Does Vera know?
Vera nodded, tearing up.
“Can I come with you?” she asked. To which, the Maestro squeezed her hand gently.
“No. Someday, I’ll take you to the City. But right now, your place is here with Valentine,” he said.
“But I want to come with you,” she said, her voice breaking. The Maestro gently took her head onto his shoulder and Vera cried.
“Teach Valentine what you know. But don’t rush, right? What do I say?” he gently prodded her.
“There’s no shortcut—” she said between small gulpfuls of air. “There’s no shortcut to Art.”
The Maestro nodded.
Vera nestled her temple deeper into his arm, wanting the moment of tender quietude to last forever.
A low roar drew Valentine’s attention outside. In the distance, two grey teardrop-shaped hovercrafts approached low over the water, kicking up wings of white spray in their wake.
“Maestro—” Valentine said.
The old man followed his gaze.
One of the hovercraft, a military escort, rose and circled the island like a vulture. Twin auto-cannons with red-orb eyes pointed at the island. Valentine’s eyes met those red glowing ones and he felt a primal urge to tear them apart.
The other hovercraft, a luxury air yatch with black and gold trimmings, turned lazily as it sat down by the pier, displacing the water and pushing a wave that crashed against the rocky craigs. A door opened and Splinter agents, dressed in stiff grey suits, came down the pier.
The Maestro motioned for Vera to help him up as the front door, hijacked by the Agent’s nerual-links, opened. Sea salt and the stech of rotten seaweed blew into the house. Valentine’s nose flared. There was also the distinct aroma like old milk.
“Maestro Marcos di Assissi de Anza, the Board of New Ethics requests your presence immediately,” the foremost agent said. He, a sexless human augment, stood to the height of the door. His skin was milky, almost translucent, showing blue veins beneath.
The Maestro, usually commanding and flamboyant, acquiesced quietly. He pushed Vera away. “Go,” he said. She reached out to grip his finger, but he pushed her away. “Go, I’ll be fine.”
A smaller, female-shaped agent stepped into their home to support the Maestro. The old man plumed his collar and straightened his suit, and holding onto the agent, went with them. Vera and Valentined watched the silhouette of the old man grow smaller onto the pier and disappear into the hovercraft. The tall agent stared daggers at Valentine, who growled and gripped his fist. But Vera held him back. The Agent narrowed his eyes, turned, and in quick strides entered the ship. The hovercraft flipped its turbines, flames blasting into water, and shot off into the sky.
Valentine watched the ship vanished into the clouds. Vera grabbed his hand.
“Bad,” she pulsed.