Vera wrapped the Maestro’s body in a white bedsheet and together with Valentine took him to the roof. From there where they could see both the past with its inklings and the future with its warped perception coming into being, Vera bundled the cloth tighter around the old man, tucking the fabric between his ankles, his toes. Valentine brought up branches and laid them in a lattice over the body.
“Do you have any fire?” Vera asked.
Valentine shook his head. “The whole house is water-soaked.”
“I want to burn him,” she said.
“A bonfire on the beach, perhaps,” he added.
“No—” Vera said. “—With the house—with the whole house—That needs to go.”
Valentine understood what she meant. Leaving Vera on the roof curled over the old man, he swung over the side of the roof into the old man’s study. There he scrounged around for any flammable material. All around, books abounded. He carried the Maestro’s loss folios under his arm, readied to return to the room when a red leather folio caught his eyes.
The Stellar Rose, it said in front in the Maestro’s elegantly practiced cursive. It was the work that had never been finished by the Maestro; neither of them. Valentine opened the covered and scanned through the hundreds of handwritten pages; passages that flowed luxuriously then came to a stop; segments of dialogue between characters whose names changed; drawings, diagrams, and meshes of the mind given by dreams, visions, and inspirations that never crystalized. It was Marcos Di Assiss’s unfinished magnum opus; and it was V0’s indignant burden. Now Valentine carried it under his arm. His eyes moved with renewed vigor. A seedling of an eye was making its growth in his mind. Inexplicably, he tucked it into his jacket even deeper, and with loose leaves of paper intended to be kindling, Valentine made his way back to the roof.
Vera had arranged the kindling to form a nest and a crown around the body. Valentine handed the papers to her and she tucked it between the spaces, filling the nest and decorating the crown so that the white clothed body seemed like a grub or an egg.
“The fire?” Vera asked.
The request had escaped Valentine. Mildly preoccupied with his fleeting memory, he didn’t notice that Vera had finished stowing all the paper. She shook her head.
“We won’t be needing it after all,” she said.
“I could go and find—” Valentine started but quieted himself, as Vera was meditating. She sat on her heels, with her palms resting on her legs and her eyes were closed. Gently, she breathed. The morning was still early and all around the light was bright, but the Sun was starting to give its warmth to the day. And there, Vera felt the heat on her skin. She felt the sensation flood her body in waves. She directed all her attention to the tip of her finger and with single-mindedness, pulsed so quickly that even Valentine could not see. She touched the tip of her finger to a slip of paper and it caught fire. A gust picked up the flame and blew it through the crown of kindling. Vera still sat there as the fire completed its circle and they both felt the heat of the flame.
The white bundle in the center caught fire and lit up. Valentine watched. Vera kept her head gently bowed. The ceramic of the roof tiles snapped from the heat and around them like a hundred of firecrackers the roaring fire dessicated the moisture and the material began to give.
With a last breath, Vera stood up. And silently, knowing it was time, she and Valentine descended from the roof as the fire engulfed the house from crown, through its sides, into the pillars and the foundations. It was all ablaze.
With the heat to their backs, they made their way to where the skiff was hidden. Valentine pulled it out and with his hand-made oars, got into the boat. Wind blew Vera’s hair across her face and the strands glowed orange and red from the hues of the flames behind her. The boat bobbled in the water. Valentine waited. Vera turned for one last look at the house. Just then, the Maestro’s library crumbled. The roof groaned and sagged. Trails of flames and spits of fire rain around the island. The shrubs caught fire. The garden and the bothouse too. The French Window and the front gate lit up like wreathes. Then another pillar cracked. Vera got into the boat and Valentine pushed off and they were in the shallows.
“Wait—” Vera said, jumping out of the boat and tramped over the water toward the beach. She bent down and scouped up a handful of rock and sand then stuffed it into her pocket. Valentine pushed the oars against the waves as hot wind blew outward, pushing the boat away. Vera waded her way back to the boat and with Valentine tipping the side, she flung herself back in. She gave him a determined look and Valentine rowed against the current, pushing their small boat over the crashing waves. In a few strokes, they were over the breaks and the water was silent.
Vera turned and watched as only the place she had known crumbled to the ground, and even as the fire consumed the island, the steel staircase thrusted outward from the burning rubble toward the sky, the last stubborn bone that refused to lie down. She palmed the pocketful of sand. Seeing Valentine’s questioning eyes, Vera said: “I promised the Maestro I would never leave the island. Now it comes with me.”
Valentine understood. He lifted his jacket and showed a corner of the red leather folio. Vera nodded. With the Island behind them and the City before them, Valentine rowed.

They bumped over the choppy waters. Valentine rowed, gripping the raw wood so hard that each time it touched water, the friction of his hands wringing the wood rung out with a sound. Vera clutched her pocketful of sand, tucked in her shoulders and withdrew her body into a ball, shivering. Valentine wanted to help her, somehow, but he felt a force between them and that any help he offered would be rejected. And he didn’t know how to help. He too was wet and cold. His hair, six months ago sharp and tinged with bleached tips, now stuck matted and black against his head. The tips curled. The heat of the great bonfire of the island that had lashed their backs was so far gone that even the smoke seemed surreal. And soon it too melded into the grey clouds and what remained was only the smell of burning birchwood.
The City stood before them, flanked on either side by a gargantuan sky-bridge. Reams after reams of hovercrafts and automachines slipped between layers of demarked hologram lanes. A sleek, red teardrop slipped between the traffic. Valentine admired the craft. It looked like half a heart and it was so free. Then it was gone.
“What will we do once we reach the City?” Valentine asked. Vera didn’t answer him, instead she shook her wet hair like a dog. So, he let the silence linger until what was unspoken took on a heavy atmosphere of its own. And the bubble was upon them. Almost invisible if not for a refraction of light, it stood as a permeable force field that separated the City from the air outside. Wrapped, the City was not unlike a incubating fetus waiting to be born. From what and to what, Valentine wondered; Would it be draconic or angelic? All he felt was that it had potential, like a dream factory, and the strips of pastel pink that alighted on the force field raining down in streaks told a tearful story of millions of hopes that may not have come to be except they stayed real in the fervent imagination. Valentine did not know how it would feel to cross this threshold. Was he going from dream to being, or being to being in a dream? In a way he felt this was progress—a stop on his way to somewhere—an excitement pulsed deep within. But in another way, he felt it was a regress—something pure and unnamable, a piece of him either unrealized from within or unsynthesized from without, had been left behind in the rubble. In his mind’s eye, he saw the curving stairwell four stories high and that night when all seemed to be filled with light when Vera, dressed white in a swan’s gown, had taught him how to play. He sighed. Time to let that go, he thought, and the arising of this meta-thought brought him a delight.
The force field felt like nothing. Maybe it felt like a dip of the body into temperate waters, but once it was over and through, it was the noise that settled in. The City hummed with energy. And from this side, for a brief moment before the boat had completely passed and Vera also arrived, Valentine felt he had been here. From deep within, so deep that the memory swam between the realm of falsification or imagination, Valentine remembered (but it could never be his) that once he was on a tennis court and a great storm came in on a rampart of towering cumulous clouds and he ran with a young girl his age; outrunning the rain. And the rain chased after them, then it stopped. And there he was, on the dry side and her in the wet, a world between them. And he had stood there before this grand curtain, and he had wondered how could it be that the storm stopped, and how could it be that it stopped right there, how could it be that the edge of a typhoon stayed still for just a moment—and he recalled the feeling was one of awe and of being small—like Jack standing looking up at the Giant’s beanstalk. And he had waited, in this maybe-memory, or perhaps it was borrowed, and he (was he really Valentine?) waited, tempted the storm to move, playing a game of chicken with such a force of Nature… Then, the rain, like a train slowly leaving the station before gathering so much momentum that it could never be caught up, came toward him and took over him and wash over him and he turned to sprint and realized the futility of his small legs under the immensity of such a force and in that moment of glee he watched the storm speed so far into the distance that the entire world poured.
So they were through. And Vera too. And their little skiff bobbled now in the calm water and hit up a concrete embankment with a scratching sound. Valentine got out and extended a hand to Vera who took it and he pulled her out of their little boat. And as if summoned back, the little boat started to sink, and they both watched it be weighed by the water that had buoyed it and watched it as it slipped like a little shadow into the depth of the dock. Valentine let go of Vera toward a concrete switchback. She held up, and grabbed him with her other arm, and they both ascended the steps together. And when they had cleared the top, the entirety of the City came into view. Rolling hills of quaint houses painted also in pastel crayoons that went on for miles and miles. Clean, paved streets (streets!) that snaked like black velvet between the homes, converging into main avenues that grew into boulevards that fed into the shining spires of the City Main. But the sidewalks were not people here. Crafts silently passed on the street or in the air, and before long a trolley came by before them and opened its doors. The car waited. It had no one inside and its golden trimmings seemed infinitely patient and inviting. Valentine knew it had come for Vera, and Vera alone.
“I hope to see you again, Valentine,” Vera pulsed from her arm to his. “We had something very beautiful.”
Valentine looked at Vera at her green eyes that had lost much of its spirited luster. He looked at her once rose-red lips that were ashen and chapped.
“Can I come with you?” he asked out loud.
Vera shook her head. And in a new tone that was both vibration through the air and through their bodies with a detached softness, she said to him, “No.”
“From here… I have to go alone,” Vera said. Then she smiled. And what a beautiful smile it was and still. “I will see you again.” And Vera leaned in and kissed Valentine on the cheek and pressed her lips long and deep into his skin and he stood there feeling the plumpness of her flesh rebound against his. Vera squeezed his arm one more time and she got onto the trolley.
“I hope you find what you’re looking for,” she said with a wink. Then the door closed and the trolley sped off.
I hope so too, Valentine thought as the car disppeared into a speck and he kept looking, not wanting to blink because the vision still held some of her phantom. Then he did blink; and the trolley and Vera were truly gone.

Valentine clutched the red folio under his arms and ambled along the street. The sidewalk was perfectly paved without lines as if poured continuously in one batch, miles and miles long. He remembered the little paths and roads along house, the weekends he spent with the autos making concrete squares. Too much and too long and the material would crack in the summer or split in the winter. But here, it was one continuous road. Valentine stooped down and touched the grit of the ground, rubbed his finger on it and felt the whorl of the hardened material. It was different, softer and less dense, more pliable—even though it was still a form of concrete. He stomped on it and it made a pleasant full sound. Looking around, at the little doll houses, the manicured trees, the perforated flowers which colors seemed to match out of a box, there was an orderliness to this neighborhood; but, it was not the orderliness of the Ainos Enigram, which felt orderly as currents in the ocean, expected but inarticulate, only an outcrop of some larger pattern. Here, the order was small, confined, artificial bordering on artifice. It looked nice at least, and prim—Valentine walked along. And he walked, while small loaf-shaped shuttled stopped to wait on him before closing their doors and speeding back along.
Where are the people? Valentine wondered.
Now and then, a pedestrian popped out of their house, picked at something along the street, then went back in. Valentine wanted to run to them, grab them by the shoulder and shake them down. “Snap out of it!” was the response in his mind. Out of what? He wondered. He clutched his folio tighter beneath his damp clothes. A man waved at him from a lawn. Valentine, caught off-guarded, waved back with small articulating flickers of his hand.
The man looked up toward the clear sky and Valentine did too, until the man said, “Strange.”
“How so?” Valentine asked.
“There’s no rain scheduled today,” the man answered. Valentine could see he was middle-aged, anywhere from thirty to sixty, with smooth tanned skin touched by fine wrinkles that elevated his look.
“Were you expecting rain?” Valentine asked.
“You’re wet,” the man replied, smiling with his hands on his hips.
Valentine took notice of himself. “Oh,” he said. “I am.”
“Where did you come from?” the man asked.
An uncomfortable urge plugged Valentine’s throat. Once again, he was surprised by these new sensations developing in his body. He felt an urge to tell the man a story that he would understand, a story that put Valentine in a respectable light. Valentine? He thought. I’ve never referred to myself that way. But he resisted and the urge went away along with the ball in his throat.
“I came from the Island,” Valentine said.
The man’s eyes lit up.
“Wow! From Outside?” he asked.
Valentine looked from his left to this right and spun his neck in a circular way as he took in the faintest glimmer of the globular dome that was all around him.
“Yes… I suppose from outside,” Valentine said. Water dripping from his pant leg had made rings on the concrete that were becoming faint now.
“From the war?” the man asked, becoming more excited.
Art is war, the Maestro had always said. But Valentine did not think that was what the man meant.
“Which war?” he asked.
The man howled with laughter. Valentine picked at the back of his neck.
“That’s funny… which war…” the man said to himself between guffs of air. “Look, you’re wet. Want to come in for a change of clothes?”
Valentine shook his head. A small dollhouse stood behind the man, a perfect trapezoid with blue ceramic roofs and cream colored walls. The man was pleasant enough and the house did not feel dangerous, but Valentine was tired and slightly bored.
“Where’re you going?” the man asked.
Valentine thought about it.
“I’m looking for the Ainos Enigram,” he said. “Do you know where it is?”
It was the man’s turn to scratch his head. And he thought earnestly about it.
“No, don’t think I’ve ever heard of it. What is it?” he asked.
“I’m not sure,” Valentine said.
“How can you look for something if you don’t know what it is?” the man laughed again, shaking his head slightly, clearly amused. “Here, look, take this,” he said, and for the first time a kindred being came out of the house, an automaton who looked like a thinner Fridge arrived on the lawn with a clear luggage filled with clothes. “Take this,” the man said. The automaton handed Valentine the bag and returned to the house.
“Thanks,” Valentine said, looking after the automaton as it slipped back through the door. He had tried to meet its eyes. There was nothing there. Even the autos in the bothouse had a glimmer of recognition in their eyes; this one had only cameras. Valentine shivered at the thought of the automaton’s blind eye and turned to leave.
“Wait!” the man shouted. “I’ve never heard of any Ainos Enigram. But there’s the Engram Corporation. Is that what you’re looking for?”
Valentine perked up at hearing the name.
“The Engram Corporation?” he asked, turning his neck slightly toward the man but his body was still askew, pointed to the road.
“Yea—that way,” the man said, half grinning, half snickering, pointing to the shining pile of spires that all the roads seemed to converge at the center of the City. Valentine nodded, thanked the man again and started on his way.
“Which war…” the man mumbled to himself, relishing his amusement as he turned back to the house.

Valentine followed the road with its myriad signs toward the City’s center. Even without the man-on-the-lawn’s help, he inevitably would have been fed toward the gut of this strange new world through its paved intestines; but he felt the conversations prepared him for the outlandish sights imprinted on floating holograms. They appeared in different dimensions—large and small—certainly, but also flat, volumetric, point-clouded, spirals. The displays reminded him of minuscule raindrops that twisted in the wind and caught light. He wasn’t certain if the lights emanated from within the dots themselves or were projected onto them when the words: “Hello Valentine” appeared.
He stopped.
How could it have known his name, Valentine wondered. He looked around, and other than the swishing sound and blurred silhouettes of passing hovercrafts, there was none on the road. What is even the purpose of these pavements? He wondered.
“Hello,” Valentine said tentatively to the self-arranging mist.
“Where are you going?” it changed shape again.
“To the Engram Corp—No—Do you know where is the Ainos Enigram?” Valentine asked.
The mist dissipated into lights like fireflies that pointed toward the spires at the center. To his surprise, the twisting roads themselves seemed to change and rearranged themselves into a straight path. Another trolley car stopped by and opened its door. Valentine looked hesitantly into the car: burnished wooden seats were arranged around the perimeter of the craft; an elegant, white tulip shaped table stood in the center, stable and low. A glass of pristine drinking water perspired on the table, annoucing its coolness with a mollifying invitation. Valentine blinked, expecting this dreamy image to disappear and for the roads to return to their twisted shape, but everything solidly stood. The fireflies dimmed into the background of a breezy, overcast, afternoon day.
Valentine went in. The trolley closed with a pneumatic hiss and when he had sat down, it pulled forward. The acceleration pulled Valentine into the chair which adjusted its plushness to suit him and the table rolled toward him, offering the glass of water within an arm’s reach. Still distrustful, Valentine reached slowly for the water, smelled it; sensing nothing wrong in the liquid, his lingering sense of chemical analysis still deep within him recognizing the purity of dihydrogen oxide and trace minerals, he gulped the water down. He had been very thirsty. When was the last time he had drank water, ever? The thought came and went.
The uniform view of the dollhouses zipped by outside. After a while, it became hypnotic. Valentine threw away his damp clothes and unzipped the plastic luggage. It was a tan suit. It was the same tan suit that he had first worn to the island. He turned it over in his hands. The shoulder was cut just right for him with an optional vest. Nested in the jacket was a loose white shirt with pearl buttons that curved to the contour of his fingers. Equally pleasant drawers sat in its own sterile package, along with silken white socks. Shoes, Valentine thought. Just then, a drawer slid out of the bottom of the seat; and there they were, a polished pair of black shoes in the Italian style complete with leathered tassles. This was different from what he had worn before. Then Valentine realized the shoes as the same ones the Maestro, or V0, wore. Of course, it was molded to his feet.
Valentine put on his new wardrobe and everything fit as if they were tailored for him, even though the man on the lawn was shorter and rounder than he. Valentine tugged at the shirt cuff to pull the shirt taunt beneath the jacket and felt the shoulders of the suit conform to his frame. He slipped his feet into the shoes and his heel slid in like a glove. He ran his hands through his hair, which curled by themselves into a wet look as if he’d just gotten out of the pool, and the style stayed that way. Valentine looked up at the window and the glass changed its opacity to become a flatering mirror. The one who stared back at him was lean, almost gaunt, much tanner than before with bright and focused eyes. He recognized it as himself, but he looked older than twenty-nine.
How old am I? Valentine wondered. And the answer from within said: nearly two.
He looked down and the old clothes were gone, along with plastic package. Valentine looked under the seat. There was nothing. Not even a drawer there the shoes should have been presented. Yet, none of this felt overtly strange to him. He felt as if he had returned from a camping trip in the wild and now all the accoutrements of civilization were available to him again. The memory of the Island began to fade, little by little. He tried to redrawn the dimensions of his room in the attic, tried to see the arrangement of the furniture, where the desk had been near the window next to his small cot nestled into a corner opposite the wardrobe that held reams of paper… but these images slipped gradually away as a dream to someone waking. All he could see with uncertain clarity was a woman with white bobbed hair in a sleek black dress playing violin against the window. She turned and looked at him.
The trolley stopped and its doors opened. Valentine had dozed off during the ride and the jolt of deceleration awakened him. He kicked his feet on waking as if falling and clutched at his chest. The red folio was still there tucked deep within his jacket.
“Welcome Mr. Valentine, we’ve been expecting you,” a sweet, sonorous voice said from just beyond the door. Valentine propped himself up with both hands and tucked the folio into his jacket. He straightened his suit and climbed out. The trolley had arrived within a great white lobby with a roof like whale bones. A woman, about twenty, waited for him. Valentine almost tripped over the height of the curb and caught himself. Once he was safely away, the trolley levitated and sped along an invisible rail out of the building.
“Where am I?” he asked. The woman beamed a smile at him.
“You’re back at Engram Corp,” she said.
“Back?” he said.
“Well of course,” she said with a giggle. “You were away on assignment and now you’re back.”
“Assignment?” Valentine said quizzically. He scratched his head and looked around. The lobby was busy with momentum. Trolleys and hovercrafts glided in noiselessly across seventeen levels. Their occupants—mostly in gray suits, with the occasional pop of color—stepped out with urgent purpose and hurried through the lobby, which Valentine now recognized as a vast transit terminal. He looked at the woman, who stood only to his shoulder. She also wore the same gray suit composed of a clean texture like soft slate. Her skirt reached down to just below her knees and a pair of tan pantyhose reached down to ruby colored slippers. Valentine looked at his own tanned suit that felt out of place now.
“Don’t worry about your wardrobe. Everything has been prepared for you in apartment office,” she said. “Although… you do look rather dashing as a retiree,” she added.
“Apartment office? Retiree?” Valentine mumbled. The woman reached her hands out. Valentine looked at her with a blank stare. She signaled him to give her something by lifting her hands a little.
“I’m sorry. I’m clearly lost. I don’t know if I’m supposed to be here. Am I supposed to give you something?” Valentine said.
“Yes, your portfolio. It’s usually red,” she said.
Valentine instinctively reached for the red folio, but as one hand pulled it out, the other resisted and clutched the lapel of his jacket tighter.
“I’m sorry. Who are you? Why are you expecting me?” he asked. The woman smiled. A young man walked by—thin, lean, tall—who in passing had the slightest resemblance to Valentine. The young man nodded and tipped his head. “Mr. Valentine,” he said.
“Efrin,” Valentine answered the greeting. How he had known the other’s name was beyond him but he was certain it was right. The other had an Efrin-ness to him.
The woman waiting on him lowered her arms.
“You’ve been gone longer than most of our other principals so the slough of immersion will take some time to wear off. But rest assured, we’re in no hurry,” she said. A gentle horn sounded through the lobby, joined by warm viola strings. The resonant hardness of the building's materials amplified both. “Come,” she said, “it’s recess before the second work block. I’ll show you to your apartment office.”
She turned and walked toward a row of low gates where the vast lobby narrowed sharply, like the waist of an hourglass, while they moved through it like grains of sand. Valentine hunched his shoulders and thievishly kept his folio safe.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
The woman answered but he could not hear her as her voice melded into the atmospheric sounds. Valentine gave up asking and was swept into the flow.
They passed through the waist high gates and found an elevator with Valentine’s face on it. It was done in a monochromatic and painterly style. His own face stared at him and when he stood in front of it, and they looked at one another, the door opened and the face vanished in a shroud of dust.
“Don’t be alarmed Mr. Valentine. It’s standard auth,” the woman said as she led him into the elevator pad. Curved glass looked out into the lobby as it dropped away below them and the outside blurred as the lift picked up speed. Valentine reached out to steady himself and found a handle just in place. The glass dimmed and for a moment he could see himself in the dark reflection before it turned to the texture of wet sandstone.
Utility dust, the term came back to Valentine. And as with the whole weirdness of the environment and the sense of deja vu attached to it, Valentine began to recall not only terms and concepts but emotions and feeling. It was as if knowledge that had been stowed away in a greater, deeper reservoir was not making its way toward the surface and his mind was the benefactor of this gushing geyser. He steadied himself and the sense of nausea quelled. He started to concentrate his whole attention on his breath and feeling the sensation offered by the touch of air around his nostrils. His ears were ringing and when the wave passed him, the woman’s voice came through. “Breathe,” she said, instructing him as he followed along. And although she was right next to him, her voice seemed to seep from a distance, as if gargled out of water.
“What’s happening to me?” Valentine asked as his stomach turned again.
The woman turned the underside of her wrist to her mouth and mouthed a few words. From the corner of his eye, Valentine made out the words: “…medic…assessment…defused.” She touched his back, intending to pat away his tremors, but Valentine shook her off.
The elevator stopped.
The door opened.
Three figures covered in white hazard suits with masked visors stepped in. Two pinned Valentine against the wall while he fought and the third snapped the tip of a packaged syringe and stuck it into Valentine’s neck.
He threw up. Liquid and gelatinous chunks erupted from esophagus onto the floor. The spinning world slowed and unfraying controus came back together.
“What’s happening to me?” Valentine croaked again, then a heavy drowsiness took him down. The last thing he saw, and it must have been his imagination, was a pair of ballet shoes dancing across the floor.

Valentine awoke in the Maestro’s study. He sat in the great, worn leather chair while bookshelves wrapped up and around. For a moment, he had the joyous feeling that he was back on the Island and that he still lived in the good old days, that he had had a nightmare and Vera would come up and they would spend the rest of their extended weekend holiday picking pebbles and shells on the beach. He had a irresistable urge to play the violin.
The two unfamiliar figures before him dashed his hopes. A man and a woman sat before him; the man looked like the “Efrin” he had greeted in the lobby; and the woman looked like his handler but taller.
The man spoke before Valentine could ask his first question.
“We’ve encountered a conflict in your remergence,” the man said. “There are experiences that need to be canonized and resolved,” the woman said.
Valentine sat up on his chair. The tan suit was gone. Instead, he wore a sleek grey suit just like the others he’d seen the others wear in the terminal. It fitted well. There was a second pleated layer beneath the external shell that insulated his body and conformed to his skin. The grit of the fabric reminded him of the simple cotton blanket of his cot. He looked up at the ceiling to a place beyond the ceiling where the antic had been; but the outline of the ceiling was muggy.
What was the ceiling like? Valentine wondered. He had only been there once, when he looked for fire to cremate the Maestro. That was when he found the folio. The folio!
The red leather flap sat on the desk near the window behind the two strangers, casually stirred by a breeze from the open window.
The woman turned to follow Valentine’s gaze. Wanting to throw her off the scent, he looked out the window. In the distance, the bubble of the City shimmered just as he remembered. She turned back.
“What do you see, Valentine?” she asked.
Surprised by the question, he looked around him.
“What do you see?” he probbed.
“Please answer our question. We’re here to help you,” the man said.
“Why should I believe you?” Valentine replied.
The two looked at one another and they both sighed.
“You don’t recognize us?” the woman said, her voice carefully modulated to be calm, but a sense of melancholy seeped through her tone.
Valentine shook his head. Gradually, furrowing his brow in a struggle to concentrate, Valentine said to the man, “I called you Efrin in the lobby.” He turned to the woman, “and you look like the woman who greeted me when I got out of the trolley… but different. Where am I?”
The two looked at each other again as they gauged Valentine’s capacity. He watched them communicate only through the language of their eyes and in a manner that had been so attuned for the two of them that it seemed extra-sensory, the two came to a decision. The man’s pupils dilated almost imperceptibly and the woman nodded. She turned to Valentine. She rubbed her hands on her trousers and cleared her throat, her lips failed to open. She looked back at the man who gave her a reassuring nod.
“Valentine, we’re V1 and V2,” she said. “In a way, we are your siblings.”
Valentine sat up and narrowed his eyes.
“That can’t be,” he said. “I found your bodies in that basement.”
They stared at him without refusing.
“You still haven’t told me where I am,” Valentine said.
“It is… difficult to explain,” the man said. “The limitation of language leaves us wanting.”
“Well try!” Valentine snapped. The woman jolted in her chair. The man patted her hand gently.
“Where do you think you are, V9?” the man said. Valentine looked around. Everything was exactly as he remembered, but the Maestro’s study had crumbled in the fire. He saw it with his own eyes. Then he remembered that in the wreckage, the ceiling was vaulted and decorated with a flower made from the plaster of paris. He tried to remember more. He had been rummaging through the study so quickly, but he had seen that design before. It was certainly greco becaus anything else would have stood out. And it came to him, the highly detailed, three-dimensional floral rosette composed primarily of layered acanthus leaves. Valentine looked up and the muggy ceiling had resolved into the orante medallion set within a recessed circular soffit bordered by intricate crown moulding.
A breeze picked entered from the window and blew past V1 and V2. The front cover of the red folio fluttered.
“Am I in a dream? I feel like a waking dream,” Valentine said. The two looked at one another and there was a hint of soft smile on their lips. “I want to wake up,” Valentine said, his voice sad and resigned. The building groaned. The woman quickly put out her hand toward Valentine.
“It’s okay,” she reassured him. And somehow those words made him feel better. He felt tired. Valentine sunk back into his chair and the groaning fo the building stopped. He exhaled deeply and the air in the room cleared at the same time. Valentine looked outside and it was midmorning on another overcast day. Vera would be walkig on the beach or practicing at this time.
“What else can you tell us about where you are right now?” the man asked.
“I’m in the Maestro’s study before the fire,” Valentine said, his voice low and steady as one who was hynotized. “Vera’s near the pier walking on the ocean. The sound of strings twirl from the chamber upstairs where I was practicing. The Maestro had gone to the City. It is a Saturday. He comes back tomorrow,” Valentine said.
“And what happens when he comes back tomorrow?” the man asked.
Valentine looked up at him with glazed eyes. The woman lowered her hand a bit and his eyes cleared just a bit. “The weekend ends. I resume my training. Vera goes back to being my teacher. The Maestro goes back into his study. He doesn’t talk about the splinters living in his skin. We live happily.”
The man sits up in his chair.
“And what is the purpose of your training?” the man asked.
Valentine looks around, his eye lid’s hooded and heavy. The woman lowered her hands as Valentine blinked and shook off his sleepiness. He pondered the question. Other memories came back to him. An initial knock at the door. An argument on the stairs. His threat against the Maestro. Tears rolled down Valentine’s face.
“I’m so sorry,” he said. “I should have never been so rude to him.”
“What did you come here for?” the man reinforced the question.
Valentine shifted in his chair but his hands and feet were unmoved as if bound by invisble chains.
“Yes—I am your replacematron and I am here to…” Valentine said.
“…to…” the man mimiked Valentine’s tone and voice to guide the strand of thought that was starting to stray.
“…to take over the great work,” Valentine said.
“Good, Valentine,” the man said, smiling with relief. “Good.” He looked at his companion and gave her the same reassuring nod. She let her hand drop. And as she did, the door to the study shook.  Someone was knocking from the other side. The doorknob turned, the person came through.
Valentine opened the door and saw the empty study as the floor fell away.

He opened his eyes and coughed. He felt the sting of the syringe as it pulled out of his neck. He looked around, all feet.
“We almost lost him,” a voice said.
Valentine looked up. He was in the elevator. The woman greeter and three men in hazard suits knelt beside him. She rubbed his back as he burped up the last bits of vomit that tasted like rotten seaweed and ocean water.
His blurred vision crystalized into the face of the greeter.
“What is the Ainos Enigram,” she said.
Valentine looked at her.
“That’s what you’ve been shouting,” she said.
“What is it?” he asked.
“More answers are coming,” she said.

“The best as we can understand it, the Ainos Enigram is a transcendent form of technology that freely exchanges between mind and matter,” the woman said. She led Valentine down a long hallway toward a single door.
“Freely exchange?” Valentine asked.
The woman nodded. With a single hand on the door knob, she turned. It wasn’t clear to Valentine which rotated, the lock, the hallway, or themselves. When the spinning parallax slow and stopped, he heard a click. The woman looked at him until he was ready. She turned the doorknob and opened the door. Valentine blinked and in the time it took him to blink, the walls around the door had vanished and the hallway too. They stood on a rooftop.
She shut the door that neither had walked through. It locked with a snap.
“That’s impossible,” Valentine said, backing away from the now closed door.
“Careful,” she said, walking toward Valentine with a hand raised in alarm. He looked back and he was inches away from the edge. Below strings of hovercrafts and automatons proceeded with expedient efficiency like beads in dotted matrices, never stopping. It was noiseless on the roof, except for the voice of the wind and the blaring of the sun.
“Where are we?” Valentine asked.
The woman smiled.
“Your apartment office,” she said. “Don’t you like it?”
And indeed, there was a beautiful teak table two arm-spans wide situated on the roof along with a stolid wooden chair. As Valentine walked around the table, he ran his fingers along its surface. There was no dust despite it being exposed to the elements. And perhaps there had always been a tungsten pen-holder that doubled as paperweight and alabaster and obsidian pens tucked within. Valentine looked outward toward the water and the grid of vehicles shifted, perfectly framing the bay. From within the bubble, one could not see the magnetic field except for the occasional glimmer.
“None of this is real, is it?” Valentine said as he sat down at the desk. His eyes squinted from the glare of the sun bouncing off the burnished surface, yet fortuitously a density of clouds covered the sun’s rays just enough so not only the glare was gone but that the heat hitting Valentine’s skin offered a pleasant sparkling sensation.
The woman walked around the desk and sat on a corner. She looked out at the life of the city weaving itself in motes.
“It’s a fair question to ask, Valentine. We all ask that at one time or another,” she said. The way her jaw held taunt against the breeze reminded Valentine of Vera. “It is real, as far as we can measure and can tell,” she said. “The City is the remnant of a time when technology became too abstract for our own understanding. We don’t know how long it’s been since that time, or if there was any clear threshold between when things were real and when the real and the imaginary became freely interchanged. Or perhaps it’s like evolution, everything constantly evolving in a continuous stream. There is not Point A to Point B, unless we looked backward and pointed two points. And that seems arbitrary, don’t you think?”
Valentine saw the lines around her eyes and the sag of her face. She may as well be crying without tears.
“But you feel trapped,” Valentine said. She nodded. The woman got up from the desk and walked near the rooftop’s edge. Valentine got out of his chair out of her concern but she turned to smile at him.
“Don’t worry about me, Valentine,” she said. “Come and see.” He walked beside her and the grid-like traffic had changed and now swirled in into a vortex.
“Then what is the purpose of all of this?” Valentine said.
“This?” she asked.
“This—” he said. “The City. Engram Corp. All of this.”
“It’s to distract people from the war, Valentine,” she said.
“Which war,” Valentine asked and she laughed in the same way the man on the lawn had laughed, as an adult would laugh at the naivete of a child.
“There’s one war, Valentine. We’re fighting it on every level, across every spectrum, across all realms. It is going on constantly, incessantly. It is fought from within to without; between what brings order and what allows for chaos; it spans creation and it demands destruction; its agents are sense and its insurgents are nonsense; vitality and vigor are on one side and lethargy and subservience are on the other; and overseeing the forces of the enemy is the unknowing powers of Fear itself.”
Valentine looked at her with great big eyes. The winds picked up and he felt all of a sudden chilled.
“But I come from outside,” Valentine said, motioning toward the water of the bay. “I saw no war.”
“You come from nearby, Valentine, not from outside,” the woman sighed. “What do you think is going on the outside?”
Valentine thought about it. “You mean the City has something to do with this war?”
“It has everything to do with the war. Think Valentine. I can’t give you the answer because the answer won’t make sense. I can only show you the door,” she said. The lights began to turn on around the City. Stacks of windows began to light up and from the streets below a warm glow made its way up. Meanwhile, the Sun had found its zenith long ago in their conversation and was nearing its way down. A pleasant set of horns played from the sea and the pace of the City slowed; the traffic winded down and started to diminish.
“Can’t you show me this war?” Valentine asked with seriousness in his voice. “If I see it then I must be able to understand.”
The woman put her head down. “I can’t show you the war,” she said. “You can ask and you can go Outside to see the war. But once you do, you won’t be allowed back into the Oikoumene.”
“The Oikoumene?” Valentine asked.
“Everything that’s inhabited. The City. Everything you see around you. Once you’ve seen the Outsidelands, you can’t come back because you’ll bring the fear of knowing back in with you.”
“So even you haven’t seen the war?” Valentine said.
“No, I haven’t,” she replied.
“Then how do you know it’s real?” Valentine asked. He looked around and the City was pleasant at this time in the evening. Light filled fountains sprayed from large pools and the streets were all lit. People were out and about now and the traffic had stopped.
“You don’t believe me,” she said.
“I don’t know what to believe,” Valentine said, “If I can just see even a photo or…”
“That does’t matter!” she snapped. “Don’t you feel it, that something is wrong? That something has gotten under your skin but you can’t quite put a word to the feeling of unease?”
“I—” Valentine said, but the woman was shaking her head as she made her way to the door. “Please don’t leave. I didn’t mean to insult you.”
“No; this is too early. I was foolish to think you’d come around so quickly,” she said with a sigh. Then she turned and faced Valentine. “It is I who should apologize. I tried to hurry the process. To tell you what must be experienced on your own. You may be a good one, Valentine, I wish you the best of luck. May you come out of the wolf’s mouth alive and may you kill the wolf.”
Then without a good-bye, she opened the door to which there was nothing beyond except for an abyss and walked through.
“Well, you certainly have a way with the ladies.”
The voice startled Valentine. He looked to the corner where a man sat in a comfortable rocking chair. Overhead the moon glowed full and bright. It was the silver haired professor.
“You! I mean, sir! Where have you been?”
“I’ve been watching,” the professor said.
“What should I do?” Valentine asked, slumping into his chair.
“Don’t you have some work to do?” the professor asked.
“Work… oh yes,” Valentine answered. And from his jacket pocket he pulled out the red folio. “I have the Maestro’s last unfinished work. You think I should finish it?”
But the silver haired man was gone.

And time went by. By his counting, it was two years, and it had gone by like that. Valentine got on the trolley each morning wearing his grey slacks and windcoat and was promptly dropped off by the lobby of Engram corporation by nine in the morning. He, along with all the Efrins and Effetes (the nameless women who looked the same as the Efrins did in the form of men) went through the lobby. Sweat poured from his brow this morning. Last night he had had a dream that he was lying over the sinking in his luxury apartment looking into the mirror and he could not recognize himself. An Efrin looked back at him.
“Hey Valentine.”
“Hey Efrin,” he replied. It didn’t matter who had greeted him and they seemed to take no offense if he called them the wrong name, because the realization that arrived in Valentine’s mind that this: The shimmering field had beyond magnetic capabilities. It was a communication field that doubled as an energetic field. And it broadcasted a form of low consciounessness as utility. The first use of which was the standardization of language.
“Hi Valentine,” another said in passing.
“Hi Effrete. Efrin,” he replied.
Valentine stepped into the elevator with his face embossed in utility dust and it shut. He closed his eyes. For these few minutes during his commute, he could truly grasp onto the last bits of himself. The elevator opened exactly as he was ready, which led him to intuit that there was no real travel time. The system scheduled his travel time exactly as long as it was needed. Somedays the ride was instant. Somedays, he stayed in the elevator for what felt like an hour. The door always opened on an out-breath.
Valentine stepped through into the same long, white paneled hallway with a single door at the end. But things had solidified. He noticed this first with the disapperance of the gurgling sound when another spoke. He remembered on that first day (and that memory he clawed to hold on) when he arrived in the Oikoumene, it felt as if he was wading through water and the voices of others came through molasses. As his mind adjusted to the permeating field, the drag went away. He fell into the speed of the city and he realized the less he fought the faster he moved—to a limit. Always, there was an invisible limit everywhere in the City and in the broader Oikoumene. Valentine suspected that everyone spoke their own language or family of langauges and the Field acted as translator. The first time he made the connection he got blind drunk and wandered around the city for hours at night. That part of him dared to run into trouble. But none came. And he awoke in his bed safe and sound without even a headache. An empty glass and a ripped pillpack sat near his headstand. The fizz was still present at the bottom of the glass.
His office had changed. It was no longer on the rooftop. He felt too exposed. It had moved itself into a middle layer. Floor 92. The layout was still the same: A generous teak table faced the panoramic window guarded by a chair; two lamps, both in the corners, chaperoned two leather chairs that he rarely sat in. Valentine preferred to pace around his office, and overtime, the layout of his office stretched to be rectangular. And this feature too met its limit.
Valentine hung his windcoat on the coatrack near the door. The thing was old and its timber wobbled and Valentine appreciated it for its falling-apartness. He received a work order to replace it with a steel rack, which Valentine refuted. The thought did arrive in hs mind that the rack, like everything, was tailored to his experience and that he needed this wobbly rack to anchor himself to history. He put that thought away. He pushed the coatrack back and forth and felt its post and legs slide around in the worn inserts. It was also nice because the rack was fitted without any metal screws. It reminded him of one of those Japanese puzzles with loosely fitted metal pieces that were elusively difficult to untangle; usually the solution was to relax and the pieces came apart themselves. He could never get them back together, which was the real point of the puzzle. To take it apart then put it back together.
His day’s report stood on his table. A clean, manilla colored card stock page printed precisely in even font letters. Seriffed, of course. He had gotten rid of all things “eletronic,” although in this place there was no such thing as cathode rays or pixels. Those were outdated ideas. There was only photon in; photon out; and how one preferred to view such patterns of photons. He chose sunlight reflected off paper. More and more, Valentine realized the peculiar habits of the Maestro had their merits, and it became a game for Valentine to laugh when one of the old man’s peculiarities solved his own problem. “Of course he did,” Valentine said with a grin, and added that oddity to his habit.
He sat now at his chair with his feet propped up on the table. The heel of his right shoe, burnished brown leather, rested on top of exposed black dress sock of his left ankle. The day’s report said nothing more than it had always read for two years: “What is the Ainos Enigram? Time is already running.”
Had he sent that note to himself? Valentine wondered. He had been given what was known as A1-Access within the Engram corporation. It seemed almost everyone worked for the Engram Corporation or its affiliates—if they chose to work at all. The retirees and vagabonds were a whole other story.
Valentine opened the drawer to his right and took out itself only content that he had wrapped in golden, silken cloth that frayed at the edge. Authentic. Inside was the red folio. He flipped it open.
“The Stellar Rose,” it said. And the rest was blank. Valentine laughed. This was a catch-22, gotcha kind of laugh; the self-effacing kind that he used when he was bemused by his inefficacy. Two years and the first page was still blank. Well, it wasn’t empty. His thoughts filled the page in invisible tendrils and he imagined—not the Story except in images and pieces—but the feeling of what the story ought to feel like. It felt triumphant. Sometimes it felt so good that he could make himself cry just thinking about it. Then he would dim the lights. Click it off. Unrack his coat and head out for the day… not having written a word.
Today, Valentine picked up the black pen (which was next to the white pen) and he wrote the single letter: “I”
He admired it. It was such a good “I,” very straight, very truthful, like the central beam of a gazebo with thatched roof during a warm rain storm in a place like Hawaiian. There were two I’s in Hawaii.
“I—”
He looked at the word. Gradually, unknowst to him, Valentine picked his feet off the table and leaned into the page.
“I awoke—” He wrote.
“I awoke atop a pile of bodies, a broke sword in my right hand and battered shield in my left. Looking down I see my foe, the last of his kind as I am the last of mine, his face shattered by the blows and his arm, which I clutched, he had outstretched as he turned his face away. His mother would not even recognize him anymore, pupil dangling on a string furhter from G— and closer to the floor. Mud, mud everywhere. It is in my eye. My nose. My ears are running with slick. Then a voice, a crackling, low, annoying voice called out.
The King’s dead—the voice said—What are ye doin? The King’s dead. Get yeself home.
I look and the Old Yeller is on stilts a’picking through the bodies. The sound of my lover comes to my mind and it is gone; no more.
Who are you? I ask the Old Yeller.
The King’s dead—he said—Get Ye’self home.”
Where is home? Valentine wondered. He still remembered the Island. The Old Maestro. Some woman who dressed in black. Servants, or were they machines? Did someone mentione a war?
He looked up and the day had gone by and it was nearing night. It couldn’t be, Valentine thought but as he had gotten so tender with the textures of his own thoughts, he knew it was more of a statement of accomplishments. Two years with nothing written then all of sudden a whole page. He turned to the chair to his right, his left, half expecting someone to be sitting there—someone to share his victory.
Valentine unracked his windcoat from its hook and dimmed the light until, click; it was off. He took one last look at his office. The evening was visiting through the large windows and rivers of square offices with their yellow square lights flickered like signals then altogher the lights came together like a mosaic of a river with half a moon’s reflection. There had been a mosiac sometime in his past, he felt, but the cycles of sleep had worn his memories into dreams until he could no longer tell what was real and what was imagined. What Valentine knew about living in the City was—it didn’t matter.
He descended through the elevator. The trip was instant and he was on the ground floor. In moment of personal triumph, everything seemed better. The lobby was brighter. The narrow gates pushing a stream of Engram employees outward seemed wider. When he stepped outside, even the cold wind felt gentler. It was crip and woke him up. Valentine made his way around the corner to a tiki bar and ordered two beers.
“Rough day?” the bartender asked. He was a gruff old man in his fifties who wore a thick grey mustache and thicker golden rings. The jewelry clinked against the base of the beer bottle.
“Today was a good one,” Valentine said. He poured a beer into his glass, tilting it to catch the foam. Then he put the glass in front of him and just stared at it. The old bartender shrugged and went around the corner. When the foam had evaporated away and the beer was flat, Valentine chugged the glass in a single gulp. Then he proceeded with pouring the second beer. It was a quiet evening. Engram Employees, identifiable by their gray pallete even in their choice of casual wear, grabbed drinks and bites then sped on their way along to the next entertainment.
“Want to come to dinner, Valentine? We’re getting Thai,” one said.
“No thanks Efrin,” Valentine replied.
When the second beer had gotten flat, he picked up, cheered to the Maestro under his breath, and chugged it.
He must have done this for a few rounds, because when Valentine came to, he was walking along the pier near the waterfront beside rows after rows of piers and warehouse. He got onto a concrete pillar, wobbling on a leg, and he looked outward toward the water as he imagined so birds do when they know the direction for winter’s migration. They just knew. There was some magnetic imprint hardened in their minds of their birthplace and for the rest of their lives they try to align this little engraved compass until the flight felt right. Valentine felt it, a pull toward the water. He was convinced he had come from an Island from out there. But even in his state, he could not see an island, just ships after ships cloaked at night coming in and out of the bay, in the air and in the water, silent behemoths that rumbled the air with their horns. Valentine stood there with his hands at his side, palms open to the sound and felt the vibration.
A metalic clink drew his attention back. An man was propped up on a parked vehicle smoking. The red hot cherry of his ciagarette provided the only proper color in the night.
“What are you doing, you can’t smoke here,” Valentine said.
“Says who?” the man said as he took a drag of his cigarette and blew the smoke toward Valentine, who hacked and coughed and waved the smoke away. The man got up and flicked the cigarrete away. The wing of his hovercraft lifted and Valentine saw under the streetlight that it was painted liquid red.
“Wait!” Valentine screamed as he jumped down from the pillar. It was his drunkeness that gave him the courge to ask, “can you take me for a ride?”
“A ride?” the man said.
“Yes, a ride,” Valentine said as he leaned over his knees, catching his breath. “I’ve seen that craft before. It’s a Firebird trans-am.”
The man turned to Valentine with puzzled eyes. “So what if it is?”
“Give me a ride,” Valentine said with a grin.
“What do I get in return?” the man asked.
“I work at Engram. I can show you around inside,” Valentine said.
“No thanks. I stay as far away from that place as I can,” the man answered. He got into the eggshell racing seat and prompted the dashboard. The wing door began to close.
“Wait,” Valentine said, rediscovering a boldness that had been there before. He ducked under the closing door stopping it in place. “This is a manual?” he said, seeing sets of gloved controls embedded into the console with wheel plugged into the dashboard.
Valentine’s eyes widened.
“This… is a car?”
“What’d you think it was?” the man asked.
“A hovercraft.”
“Get off,” the man said as he punched in the keycode and the engined pulsed with energy. He pushed Valentine aside so he could close the door.
“Wait!” Valentine said. “You can’t be on the ground level,” he said, “it’s past midnight. The scouts will hunt you down.”
“Never bothered me before. Listen man, back up or I’ll back you up. Go jump in the ocean or something,” the driver said as he started to back the card up.
Valentine fumbled in his pockets. Something fell out. He grabbed the piece of emblem and held it up to the headlights.
The car stopped.
“A1 access!” Valentine said. The sharp beam of the headlights cut a steep shadow onto the concrete that reached all the way to the pier.
The man leaned out the window.
“You got A1 access?”
“Engram Corp!” Valentine said.
“Get in.”
The passenger side wing door popped up and Valentine sprint around the front of the car, jumping hip-first into the seat. The plump leather absorbed him.
Valentine extended a hand. “Valentine.”
“Pace,” the driver said without reaching out. “Let’s see if your access works.”

They sped through the dark corridors of the City unobstructed by any streetlights. Pace took the corners at eighty miles an hour, flooring the pedal, driving the engine to a high whine as the car through its weight around the perpendicular angle, almost but never scratching the wall of the building. The streets were optimized for transportation between the levels. What had once been a flat dimension of travel at the surface level was now a permeable layer of exchange between subterranean traffic and air traffic. Not much happened on the streets except for this exchange. As Pace blew past another sign, the lights dimming right before they had arrived, the dark bulkhead of a transport hovercraft glided outside the window to Valentine’s right then descended into an open tunnel, sinking below like a chambered whale. Pace took no notice as he ripped through the streets screeching from corner to corner until the firebird slid onto a two wide straight away. Pace had a singularly focused light in his eyes like a rapacious child about to rip open a present. The car sped up. Ninety. One hundred. One-Twenty. One-Fifty. Valentine smelled the scent of smoking rubber as he slowly, carefully, as to not disturb the silence in the cabin, clipped in his seatbelt. He found it had no anchor, so he let the belt recede back into mount.
For a moment, it felt like flying. It felt truer than flying because they were free to die. Any divet in the road, any protrusion, would send the vehicle careening out of control; yet Valentine experienced a sense of absorption and calm that he had forgotten. He was a part of the car and the car was a part of fate now. Pace barely had his hands on the wheel. His foot was pressed all the way to the bottom. The firebird topped out at two-hundred and twenty miles an hour. And they sped along that infinte stretch of double-wide boulevard black as the River Styx under their headlights, and in those lights motes of dust found their way spinning in the spotlight as the building blurred on both sides playing like a microfilm the bands of space and lights that came through in between. Valentine could have sworn that even gravity was lighter in the cabin.
An alert started to chime and the car started to slow. One-eighty. One-hundred. All the way back down to the double digits. The world stayed slow. Pace brought the car to a slow stop on top of a winding cliff that overlooked the city. Grids of micro-fine buildings spread as far as the eyes could see. The pulsing spires of the city center was a distant blip, the only evidence of its existence were the radial axials of wide boulevalds that led fed to it from all sides.
The car stopped.
Pace popped his door open and got out another cigarrete. He went to the edge of the overlook and sat on an old rusty highway barrier built from sheath metal and wood. Valentine stepped out. His legs were rubber and he held onto the top of the firebird to steady himself. A gust blew and stung his face and he felt very much alive. The last two years slowly lifted like a haze. Vera.
Valentine scratched his head and sat next to Pace. A thin white cigarette was offered to Valentine. He took it. He lit it and took a drag. And he coughed.
“What is this?” he yammered between coughs.
“Tobbaco and rose petals,” Pace said. “You got a lighter? Mine’s going out.”
“No,” Valentine said as he palmed his jacket and pant pockets. They were flat.
“How’d you light the cig?” Pace asked. Valentine was still hacking out a lung and shook his head repeatedly.
“Get a hold of yourself,” Pace said. Valentine finally wetted his throat enough to stop coughing and took a smaller sip from the cigarette with pursed lips.
“What was that?” he asked.
“Never mind,” Pace answered. The horizon was purple. The mountains in the distance were a darker purple. And the clouds above were celophane gray.
“So what do you do? Do you work?” Valentine asked.
“I haul at the solar farms,” Pace asked. He took a long drag and the flame bit through the cig until the tip was a nail’s length of ash. Pace pulled some more.
“I thought that was all automated,” Valentine said.
“Most of it,” Pace said.
“So what do you do?”
“I walk the firetrails and the utility paths to make sure techs can get them.”
Valentine looked Pace up and down. He wore a jacket that had been bleached faint peach by the Sun. A pair of ragged and thin jeans ended at red snakskin cowboy boots with broken spurs.
“Can’t they just have bots do that?” Valentine said, taking another small sip of smoke. His lung was more used to the smoke now.
“They do—” Pace said, finishing his cig and taking another out. He held the cig between his lips and covered it with his left hand; with with right he snapped open his lighter and burned the end as he simultaenously took a drag. He put everything aways in one motion as he exhaled. Wind pulled the cloud of smoke like a twisting serpent that spun into nonexistence. Pace flicked the lighter a few times in his hand for the sound then stuffed it back into his pants. Valentine admired Pace’s slouching posture and the bow of his back. He bowed his back a little to match and felt a cramp.
“So why do you do it?” Valentine asked.
“My job?”
“Yea if it’s redundant.”
“I like walking,” Pace said.
“Do you get paid?” Valentine asked.
Pace shook out his left wrist from the jacket sleeve and showed Valentine the underside. A small emblem was tied to a red string bracelet. The emblem read E3.
“You get paid in permission?” Valentine said.
“Access,” Pace said.
“What does E3 get you?”
“Not enough,” Pace answered and he got up to stretch. Valentine stayed seated. The Sun was starting to come up and the mountain range darkened in the shadows as it was outlined in orange from the behind. Valentine didn’t want to leave. This was the first real person he’d talk to as far as he could remember. Someone with their own preference, unlike the Efrins and Effetes.
“I want my own ride,” Valentine said. And for the first time he saw Pace smile. Then it was gone.
“Nothing like it,” Pace said. “Where you going to get it?”
“Where’d you get yours?” Valentine asked.
“Shell’s from the junkyard,” Pace said. He looked back at the firebird. It had folded its headlights. Its hind wheels were raised and larger than the front, the body slooped forward, giving it the shape of an animal waiting to pounce. He walked beside it and ran his hand on the wheel. The rubber had been worn bald. He wiped the dirt against his thigh leaving a streak of road ash.
“You want it to fly, don’t you,” Valentine said. Pace snapped his head to look at the seated figure as if a great had been given away. “It’s cool man—I’m cool,” Valentine said adopting the driver’s tone and lingo.
“What makes you say that?” Pace asked as he leaned against the firebird. Valentine got up.
“Look, just take me along with you. Show me how to set up my own ride,” Valentine said.
“Why?”
Valentine held up his A1 emblem.
“I got access. We can burn all the straightways any time we want,” Valentine said.
Pace tapped his heels slowly.
“Why don’t I just take it from you?” he said.
“That’s now how it works and we both now it,” Valentine said, straightening up.
After thinking for a moment, Pace turned to enter the driver’s seat.
“Nah, auth jockets are dim a dozen” he said as he got in and the cockpit adjusted itself. Valentine came up to the passenger window.
“You don’t need a Vulcan engine for a drag race,” Valentine said. “You asked how I know. You got a recess pit in half the car with enough room to put one if not two mag disks on the bottom. Take off the wheels and the base and you got a unlicensed hovercraft. The real question is… where are you going to take her?”
Pace smirked.
“Anywhere she wants to go,” he said.
“And who’s Elvira?” Valentine asked.
Pace’s face became stern, hatefully dark.
“I saw the name when you booted up the dash,” Valentine explained, his voice becoming quieter. Without another word, Pace reaved the engine and it whine to a pitch so high that Valentine had to cover his ears. The firebird burned a donut as it swerved and when its behind was turned to Valentine, the car took off in a plume of smoking rubber and tar smoke. Valentine coughed and swiped to clear the air. And when the smoke had disappated, the firebird was far and distant in the horizon cresting over hill. And as it caught the sun’s first rays it looked looked like a phoenix—fast, liquid, spitting fire.
Valentine whistled. “Hot damn.”

The trolley was the slowest ride he had ever taken even though it sped at more than two hundred miles an hour. There was no vibration; no feedback; just a smooth ride like a horizontal elevator and when the door opened, Valentine got out, still in the same clothes as last night. Several Efrins greeted him although with odd looks. Valentine got through the gates, into the elvator, the hallway, doors, more doors, and more doors, until with a final click he was in his office once more.
He hung up his jacket and sat down at the his chair with loud sigh. The room wobbled as if the space was catching up with his thoughts. He gripped his hands, feeling a phantom wheel beneath his grip. He could hear the stretch of the leather binding as he wrung his hands around the steering wheel and he felt the g-force pull his brain to one side as his body shifted to the other.
A yellow envelope sat on his desk.
Valentine looked at it distrustfully with a side eye. He stood up and straightened his clothes. He wished he had a new suit to wear as his musk and funk wafted into his nose. Valentine went to his window and looked outside. The traffic moved in their orderly manner, like strings of prayer beads passing through some great invisible finger. He shook his head. The efficiency seemed like an affront to the feeling of exhilaration he had just rediscovered.
Why can’t something just go wrong, he wondered and startled himself with the thought. It’s too safe. Too boring.
He went back to the desk and poked at the envelope. It moved an inch from his jab and stayed still. He half expected it to bite his finger. After determining the thing was inert, Valentine picked up the envelope by the corner and shook out the contents. A small card fell out and struck the desk with a hard knock, signifying it was denser than it appeared. Valentine pried opened the envelope with both hands and saw a small note was stuck inside. He took it and set the envelope in a corner.
“Congratulations on your promotion,” the note read. “Keep up the good work.”
Valentine looked back and forth between the note and the card like a twitchy chicken. Finally, he picked up the card. He leaned back in shock. It was a new access badge. A2.
Valentine looked furtively around the office as if someone was going to come and take away this unearned prize. No one came. He went to the door and put his ear against it. No sound. He paced his office looking at the card. Then he took out his own emblem, and when it did, the letters shifted. A2, it read. And the badge, having transferred its access, became muted and gray.
What do I do with this? Valentine wondered.
He jumped. There was a soft knock at his door. He scrambled to it and looked through the keyhole. No one. He expanded the keyhole into a one-sided glass and looked around the corner. No one still. Sweating, Valentine turned the knob and jumped into the hallway with raised fists and tripped over a package laid at his feet. He rubbed his sore shoulder as he got up. The package was vacuum sealed but through the plastic wrap he could see it was a new suit.

Valentine donned his new suit. It was a fancy, velvelt affair of a tuxedo with stainless steel cufflings and shiny patent leather shoes. He felt as if he were going to a wedding. When he exited the changing room, his office had expanded. Gone were the two leather chairs. In their place was an expensive lantern draped over a deep brown recliner machined from a single part mounted with aged nubuck padding. Valentine whistled. It had only a little give and that was all he needed. Even the air seeped out in a pleasing tone from the padding. He looked at his table and it was the same. He liked it that way; but it took seemed a bit wider and much heavier. Valentine walked to it and tried to lift the desk by the edge. He couldn’t. Puzzled, he looked beneath and there was a safe. Instinctively he passed his A2 access card in front of it and the safe opened noiselessly. Inside was the red folio.
Valentine took out the folio and flipped through it. There was still only one page written, but the paper had a depth to it that he didn’t notice before. It were, as if, there was a misprint on the page and the ink had doubled over. Each letter had a shadow font and the text had a lifted dimension. But there was no more content than yesterday. Valentine blinked and held his hand over his eyes to clear his vision. And when he opened them again, the overlapping text had not gone away. He tried to connect the overlapping events that led to his promotion. He had done one page of work, then he had gotten drunk and had his escapade at night. It couldn’t be possible that he was reward for only one page’s worth of work, could it?
He sat down and tried his hand at it again. Nothing came. He stared at the page for minutes until there came a busying urge like marching ants on his feet and ankles. He became itchy and started to scratch before getting up altogether. He looked to this private restroom and laughed. He hadn’t even noticed that the chaning room he came out of was newly installed. The mystery of the Engram Corporation was deepening; but Valentine intuited that if he didn’t question it too much and went with the flow, it seemed to work out. At least his result from a single day of desperate exertion had been more worthwhile than two years of tunneling effort. In fact, he couldn’t really remember what he did during those two years anyways. It was doors after doors and white corridors leading to gray corridors.
Then, he had an inspiration.
Valentine stowed the red folio back into its safe and unracked his jacket, which was now a trendy sportcoat with gold buttons that went just above his knees, pulling his already long figure even longer. With the heel from his shoes, Valentine estimated he stood at least half-a-head over the Efrins. He dimmed the lights, something that he didn’t have to do by hand but had interned in himself. Where had he learned that from? He wondered. But the thought passed quickly. Valentine left his office, closing the door quietly behind him eventhough there was no one to spot his leaving early. He turned and stood stumped in the hall way. There were two elevators now. One red. One black.
Valentine examined the red elevator. It was embossed with delicate letters in a glyph that he did not recognize. This is too much strangeness for one day, he thought, and touched the black elevator, which he was used to. It opened instantly and Valentine stepped it. The ride down was gentle, allowing him to gather his thoughts. He knew where he wanted to go: the solar farms. He wanted to catch that stranger and talk shop about cars. The elevator reached ground floor and it opened to a different scene.
The lobby was still there. It too was bigger, a bit more grand. The minimalist beams connected in grandiose arches with hanging chandeliers. Armies of Effrins and Effetes were coming and going through the gates, but now there were more figures mixed into the crowd, ones who looked like him dressed in stylish black jackets and coats. A beautiful woman with sharp cheek bones in a fitted black suit walked by, holding a black folio. A man walked with her, also dressed in black. They tipped their heads at Valentine with a smile.
“Bob; Bobette,” Valentine answered back and gave the same knowing tip of the head as if they shared some secret that could not be passed to the Efrins and Effetes yet.
Just then, a young man in a grey suit came up to Valentine.
“Sir, is there anything you’d like me to take care of while you are gone?” the Efrin asked.
Valentine looked around as beads of sweat collected on his forehead. No one seemed to notice and the circuitous harmony of the terminal continued in its consistent flow. He cleared his throat.
“No, I don’t think so,” Valentine said quickly.
“I could have twenty pages on your desk by tomorrow,” the young Efrin said.
Valentine looked at him with a puzzled look that the Efrin must have mistook for consternation, because he soon added, “a hundred pages would not be a problem,” he said with a small tilt of his head as he judged what was the appropriate output.
Valentine stayed silent as his gazed followed the crowd leaving the terminal through the gates.
“Two hundred by tomorrow would be a stretch,” the young man said. “But I can pull [Efrin] and [Efette] off their Entertainment to work with me on this. Your project has been such a hit recently I’m sure [Bob] won’t object—he’s been speaking of merging groups anyway,” the young man ran on. And when Valentine kept silent furthermore, he spoke even faster with visible agitation.
“You know what they say: one person can do one job but two persons can do three. I’m sure between the three of us, we can deliver six hundred pages of Entertainment by tomorrow,” Efrin joked with an awkward chuckle.
Valentine watched as a trolley pulled away from the terminal and sighed.
“What day’s today?” he asked.
“Wednesday, sir,” Efrin said.
Valentine tapped his feet. He wasn’t sure how much authority he had yet but he became quickly convinced that he wouldn’t know until he tried.
“I’ll be away until next Monday,” he said. “For research,” he added quickly. “Have a hundred pages to me by Monday, can you do that?”
The young Efrin sighed, physically relieved at the prospect of extra time. “Sure, sir, no problem.”
“Remember, quality over quantity,” Valentine said with a wink. Heartfelt tears came to Efrin’s eyes as he nodded enthusiastically at his superior’s wise words. Valentine turned and accelerated his pace as he sped to the gates, not wanting to exchange any more words with the young Efrin. At the gate, he clashed with Bobette walking with her assistant Efrin. Valentine graciously stepped back and let Bobette pass, who did so with a bright smile outlined in red lipstick. She blew him a kiss.
Puffed up, Valentine went to the queue for the trolley.
“Valentine, what are you doing?” a voice with a slight metallic ting teased him. He looked up and the Bobette he had let pass was leaning over a clear railing. Her cleavage pressed sumptuously against the glass. Valentine kept his gaze on her eyes while her chest was just below his peripheral.
“Just getting a ride,” he said.
“Stop,” she laughed. “Are you wanting some company or something?”
He wasn’t sure how to interpret her statement in the moment. A trolley approached and ten Efrins and Efettes gathered themselves to enter the communal bus.
“Stop being so devoted, you’re making the rest of us look bad,” Bobette said with a big grin. “If you want company, you can take me home, can’t you?”
Perhaps it was her long lashes or the cut of her tapered suit just above the knee revealing cream-colored skin, or perhaps it was the fact that someone had an entire dialogue with him at the company; or, he liked to think, maybe she could explain some of the workings of the system to him. Nonetheless, Valentine left the queue and took a small airlift to the second level where Bobette and a teardrop black hovercraft waited. Without another word, Bobette entered the passenger side, flashing her tanned thigh as she did so. Valentine smiled and entered the driver’s seat. He palmed the raised dais of the steering grip.
“You know how to pilot this—?” she said, but before she could finish, Valentine popped the craft up. The people from the ground all looked up and stared as the craft spun in the air. Bobette held onto the window as her sweaty palms screeched against the glass. But Valentine felt a natural affinity for the ride as if he’d done this many times before. He sank into the saddle and felt melded with the craft. It also dipped its hind engines and straightened out, pointing toward the egress port.
“Wait!” Bobette yelled as a trolley headed toward the egress first. But Valentine gunned the craft and it blasted forward, slipping just through the small window of space between the trolley and a corrugated concrete ceiling. The craft glided as Valentine shifted the power from forward steering toward the hind engines. Augmented telemetry showed the traffic around the bend as simple geometry, and before the intelligence in the craft offered an optimized route, Valentine twisted the craft into a corkscrew. His hand automatically reached out to grab Bobette’s shoulder to prevent her from slamming into the window. The black hovercraft ejected from the egress like a bat out of hell and cut straight through orderly rows of automated traffic. It didn’t stop there. Valentine was possessed. He dove the craft down through the moving grids of traffic until he found an unused utility tunnel. But the entrance was guarded.
“You’re crazy,” Bobette said with a devilish smile. “Here, let me help a bit.” She stretched out her wrist and her emblem synchronized with the city’s traffic control system. The tunnel opened. In that moment, Valentine saw her access was even higher: A3. Smiling cheek to cheek with the forward acceleration pulling backward G’s that stretched his smile even further back and as both of their heads pushed back into the seat, the teardrop hovercraft entered the tunnel at a breakneck speed…
Her head hit the pillow just as quickly and Valentine was all over her with his lips, his fingers, and his tongue. Bobette clenched her legs and moaned so loudly that it became a groan; her sharp, polished fingernails dug into Valentine’s back making welts. A fingernail snapped and she only dug in harder as they connected. Valentine bit her neck as he drove deep into her and Bobette reciprocated by arching her back pressing her lover against her, wanting never to lose that connection of skin on skin. And so they enjoyed the savagery of one another amidst the steel and glass orchestration of an ever-revolving city, again and again. And again.
Valentine woke with his limbs feeling like rubber. His knees and ankles popped with satisfying sounds. She had gone and she left him three things: a red lipsticked kiss on his cheek, a message written with the same lipstick, and her A3 badge.
“Take me to dinner at 7pm. Ava,” it read on his arm. Valentine looked at the clock and it read 1pm. He rolled over on his back and smiled stupidly as he stared at the ceiling. He had forgotten what day it was but that hardly seemed to matter; he certainly was doing something right now. He grabbed her bracelet and rolled it over in his palm. The A3 letters glimmered like embedded crystals in the filtered darkness of the bedroom.
“Lights,” Valentine said hoarsely. The windows lightened their tint and afternoon light shone in slightly more. Meanwhile, the Sun was clearly visible on the horizon as a small, round disc. Valentine scratched his ass cheek buck-naked as a string of auto-coaches and trolleys made their way to the city center. He watched them go as he planned breakfast.
Valentine sauntered into the kitchen, still nude, and saw himself in a vertical mirror. He had lost a lot of the clear definition he had on the Island; or at least his impression of that experience. He slid a hand around his waist and pulled a handful of flesh from his love handles, which had gotten plenty of use from the night before. He turned around and saw many streaking welts running down his back in parallel. They reminded him of lines made by a metal skiff on a pebble beach from another life ago. A pleasant chime shook him out of his revelry as a plate of crispy bacon and creamy, scrambled eggs slid out of the auto-chef onto the marble counter. Valentine sat down on the tulip-shaped bar stool and started to eat.
It was strange to him that he had not taken time to reflect on his origin and his past. It seemed since his arrival at the Engram Corporation, his head had been buried in the dirty and only recently did he have the time to take a breath. Valentine pinched a piece of bacon between his fingers and gnawed. It crumbled into candied pieces in his mouth.
Had all that been real? Was it a dream? He wondered. But these questions concerned him less than this fact: When did he become so uncurious? Whether the memory of the Island was an Immersion or actual happenstance was of no concern to the performance of his job so it had been pushed back and washed apart, broken and relegated to some backwater alcove in his mind. Now as he slurped the creamy scrambled eggs with the perfect ratio of runny egg whites to cooked yolk protein on a silver spoon, Valentine furrowed his brow in thought. The Maestro, what was his name? It probably wasn’t as important as the fact that Valentine got to produce something from the experience; that he, once an Efrin like the rest, had sucked the necessary nutrients out of his experience and prevailed against the rest. Now he had A3 access after another night of rampage. Valentine sighed in a deep, relaxing way that cleared out all the bad “Qi” or “Prana” out of his system, because it wasn’t just stale air that came out but stale life energy that held him back—this newer, more elevated, more promoted self must keep going forward. He was beginning to like the taste of effortless winning especially if it consisted of him acting according to his abandon. Valentine wiped his mouth on a thick woven napkin and steadied himself. His heart started beating faster. She said to him, “this is not what I taught you.” A phantom itch crawled up Valentine’s neck around his nape like the proclamation of dry skin and he scratched at it, hoping that Bobette woman—Ava—hadn’t tipped her nails in any pheromones. Perhaps he had an allergy.
That voice echoed in his mind. It was demure, steely, and sweet; if that combination were possible; and he remembered its timbre always carried with it a hint of anxiety. But how pleasant it rang in his ear and how warm it made Valentine feel with a longing that the night with Ava could not even come close; he realized it was the yearning for deep companionship. What was her name? It was short and started with a V.
Valentine finished his plate and pushed it aside and laid the napkin on top. He looked away for a moment outside the window and it had been bussed by the countertop, washed, and gone. Outside the flow of traffic was constant like cells in a bloodstream rushing through the great artery toward the heart of the city. The traffic coming out of the veins moved slightly slower but it lacked a vigor of purpose. Whatever had been delivered to the heart had been done and the carriages were merely returning to their docks for the next load.
Valentine waltzed into the shower where the washing was done for him by pressurized spray from all sides, the climax of which was a soothing lather foam that created a barrier around his skin and finished with a rinse containing a light touch of perfume. His teeth were cleaned at the same time and a hygiene index indicated he was clean to the standards of an A3. Was Ava promoted the same way he was, by sleeping with another A3? Valentine wondered and stowed the thought for later. He was supposed to take her to dinner in a few hours anyway, but in the moment he felt the need for solitude—the sort that’s enhanced by silent male company.
“I’m headed to the solar farm,” Valentine announced to the apartment. Even though no voice replied, he felt a warm ping that went up to just behind his right ear. He wondered how that had gone there, but before the question gathered any conviction, he was already dressed stepping outside. The black teardrop hovercraft swerved by the patio dock and an onrush of wind lifted Valentine’s jacket flaps. He noticed the inside of his jacket was made of scarlet silk and his name had been monogrammed behind the left breast. He shrugged and faced the craft as it turned and a surge that came from his depth as he admired the liquid curves of the vehicle, its lines running in contoured taper from its elegant front side housing twin mini-magnetic discs like a panther clutching twin jewels, moving in swift and bold strokes toward the hindside where it protruded upward like the chimeric and powerful hind of Pegasus. The Vulcan engines whined in response to his stare tempered by an anticipation for the release of its great power. And Valentine answered the machine’s wish.
With a quick flick of his wrist, he passed the A3 badge over the b-pillar and the winged door of the driver’s side folded upward, revealing a plush hazelnut brown interior. The craft leaned left and dipped the cockpit as Valentine stepped in feeling as if he had stepped onto a boat buoyed by water. But they were in the air, and without closing the door and with a hand on the wheel, Valentine pushed the hovercraft away from the patio dock. They floated in the air. With a smooth motion, anchored against the wheel, Valentine dragged himself into the cockpit. Sensors lit up.
“Hello,” the main dash console read. Even though the machine was capable of speech, Valentine kept quiet. He felt an extended sense of presence from behind the wheel as the world became smaller. The speeding traffic on all sides slowed like hanging raindrops during a storm and he could see the spaces and opportunities in between. Then their synapses connected. Valentine felt it as a sense of immersion with the steel body of the vehicle; its wings were his wings; its engines were his heart; and he felt the levitating mag-discs beneath his feet like skates and powerful thrusters under his arms. They had become one—the Valentine who had gotten into the cockpit was gone and only the rider was left and the rider and his steed had melded together into one.
They took off, faster than a bullet forming a blast cloud behind them. Damned were the rules. All he saw were gaps, openings, negative space to fill and pass through. The craft twisted and dove between two tankers on its way down toward the mid-level of the city. Valentine had an intuition that most of the traffic were freight on that level and it would be the most advantageous to try out his new abilities and test his new self. Ten-ton giants moved in orderly lines that Valentine all but ignored as he weaved in between. Beneath him even greater beasts in the hundreds of tons moved slower. He dipped down and saw their great weight being held up by strong magnetic fields that if any machine got in between the ground and the freighters they would be torn apart by the shear forces of those magnetic fields. Valentine sped along the giants’ side, a small dot moving quickly past such behemoths. On the bottom level he could move quickly if he could avoid the invisible fields between the freighters’ mag-discs and the propulsive ground.
Then Valentine had an idea. With an impulse of thought, he requested the hovercraft to paint over his view with perception of the magnetic fields. At first, his vision blurred. Then, each point seemed to move. Slowly at first, then quickly until it became sudden, his view shifted. No longer were things static. Everything shimmied and moved; each point in space with its vector was represented by a pulling force that at first were small arrows but as Valentine adjusted to his new augmented sight, he saw the loose fabric of objective reality pulled in every which way. He smiled. There was immense harmony in the chaos as he saw poles and the forces flowing from one to another. And even more, he felt how his own magnetic field could incorporate these strong ambient forces to slingshot himself to ever greater speeds. Soon, he was weaving in and out of traffic at more than three hundred miles an hour, smooth as a pebble flowing down a great river.
With great concentration, Valentine spotted his exit. In three seconds, the traffic of the lower, middle, and upper levels would converge forming a tunnel that led into the upper stratosphere. He sensed the trajectory and saw a bundle of magnetic field that would accelerate his propulsion then swing him upward. He took that line.
Like a soaring falcon, Valentine shot out of the bottom level through the middle into the upper level and floated on thin air. He was above the clouds now. He turned the engines off. And for an infinite moment, there was an all-pervading silence that stretched through the sky. He expanded the craft’s x-fins and glided. Below the dancing dots and rigid grids of the city peeled away to be replaced by reflected sunlight. For as far as his eyes could see, it looked like glass: a liquid mirror that covered the land, cloaked the mountains, and paved the valleys. He had arrived in the airspace above the “solar farms,” which he realized was a misnomer. It was a world of silicon and glass… it was a world of reformed sand…

The man who walked up through the rolling hills of blinding sunlight was covered completely in a reflective suit complete with a shaded helmet. Valentine leaned against his hovercraft with a foot against the door; as cool as he tried to look, there was an unsteadiness beneath the veneer. He shifted his weight and adjusted himself. The man saw.
“What are you doing here?” Pace asked, his voice filtered out of the helmet in binaural streams. Valentine felt as if he was being spoken to in an empty theater. The Sun blared overhead and the micro grass shifted the angle of their leaves to follow it. A stray glare caught Valentine in one eye and he saw stars.
“Check out my new ride—” he said, rubbing his eye.
“You really shouldn’t be out here,” Pace said standing still with both hands stiffly at his side.
“I—” Valentine continued, but the unpleasant blindness was spreading. “Ow,” he cried, bending over his knees.
“You didn’t bring shades? Nothing?” Pace asked. Valentine answered only with curses of pain. Pace shook his head.
“You should probably get in your car and fly away. There’s no cure for retinal blindness except for a new eyeball,” he said.
“Wait—wait,” Valentine said holding out one hand. He searched his jacket pockets, hoping that the sentience in the apartment knew better than he and provided some sort of solar protection. His hope was misplaced. The space around them began to glow as the entire field of micro grass—billions and billions—changed their angles to follow the Sun and reflected the light right at Valentine. He ducked into the hovercraft. Pace shook his head and started to walk away.
“Hold up,” Valentine’s voice boomed from the car’s speakers, “I came to see you.”
“Why?” Pace asked.
“You said get a car and you’d let me ride with you,” Valentine answered.
“I never said that,” Pace spoke one more time then stepped away.
Valentine activated the hovercraft and lifted the car into a low hover. The magnetic discs whirled into life, but as they did, the micro grass around them wilted. Two dark circles spread out from beneath the hovercraft as the magnetic field of the ship’s discs interfered with the micro grass’s own EM system.
Pace turned around. Valentine could tell he was fuming from his silence. Even bulked by the suit, he looked like a wolf on the prowl with a large, hunched back.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Valentine said, “I’ll shut it off. Just listen to me.” He turned the hovercraft so he could face Pace then shut off the engines. The craft touched down gently on the ground and when the mag-discs lost their power, the grass around them became turgid again. Valentine scanned through his panoramic window at the endless fields of silver grass that collected sunlight. “This is a massive operation,” he said.
“How’d you find me?” Pace asked.
“Easy. There’re only two humans running solar farms and the other guy’s eighty,” Valentine said and waited for Pace’s question.
“And how’d you get that information?” Pace asked.
Now it was Valentine’s turn to relish the silence. He didn’t want to mess up his delivery of the good news so he rinsed his throat with spit, then in a tone that was proud but a note below arrogant, he said: “I just got us A3 access.”
Pace paused and took the news in. Then he walked to the driver side door and motioned for Valentine to lower the window. Valentine shaded his eyes with a hand and smiled, expecting some form of appreciation. Pace’s hand reached in and grabbed Valentine by the collar and pulled him half way out the window. Valentine yelped in pain as Pace twisted and pinned his arm behind him. He shut his eyes and saw his capillaries pulse from behind his eyelids it was so bright
“Easy, easy…” he said.
“I said it nicely and I’ll say it again: Take your access and shove it up your—” Pace hissed.
“You want your Firebird to fly, don’t you?” Valentine croaked out. Pace paused for a slight moment then pressed more of his weight against Valentine’s shoulder. Then just as quickly, he released Valentine.
Valentine grumbled and rubbed his neck and shoulder.
“What do you want?” Pace asked.
“In return? Show me how to build one of my own,” Valentine said with the earnestness of a child.
Pace studied Valentine. He looked different in his black velvet suit than when he was in his brown Effrin suit; he was more confident; bolder; with more wildness in his eyes.
“Come, get out of there,” Pace said as he reached inside a sealed pocket and produced a pair of shades.
Valentine scrambled out of the parked hovercraft as his hands covered his eyes. He took the shades and put them on. The world cooled and the fields of silver grass looked green. The sky that was brilliantly white took on a blue hue. And even the dastardly Sun was more gently. Pace was already walking away and Valentine followed him.
“So what’s the first step?” Valentine said.
“How long you had it for?” Pace asked.
“The A3? Since this morning,” Valentine said.
“Know how you got it?” Pace asked.
Valentine mulled it over. “No. I slept with Bobette. I mean Ada. But she wasn’t my boss, you see, she—”
“She had the A3?” Pace asked.
“Yea—” Valentine answered.
“And where’s she?” Pace asked, to which Valentine shrugged.
They came to a pylon that stuck like a needle into the air.
“What’s this?” Valentine asked, walking around it.
“Lightning spike,” Pace said. “A storm’s coming and if I don’t get all the spikes down, the whole field’s toast.”
Valentine looked beyond the horizon and he didn’t see any dark clouds.
“How many more you got?” Valentine asked.
“Twenty,” Pace said.
“Twenty!” Valentine exclaimed but kept his voice down. “No problem. Twenty. How do we get them up?” He stared at the spike about twenty meters tall and weighing hundreds of pounds.
“We don’t,” Pace said, “the machines do it.”
“Then what are we doing here?” Valentine asked, but he saw that Pace was quiet. He couldn’t see the man inside the suit and he seemed to be concentrating. Valentine wanted to tap him on the shoulder; to check if he was alright. A small beacon around the suit’s neck started to glow. Then from the distance, a hovercraft appeared, large as a barge, with four mag-discs with an array of spikes so it looked like a floating bed of nails. Valentine realized that somehow Pace was connected to this behemoth and it was the same way that he had been connected to his hovercraft when they were whiplashing around the freight alleys. The barge groaned then blew its horn. Valentine felt the vibration in his chest.
Then the barge stood still over a nearby hill, casting a trapezoid shadow that stretched askew on the ground. Through his shades, Valentine zoomed in on the barge’s exposed innards and saw hydraulic grids load a spike into firing position. Then it was released. The spike spun downward and plunged into the soft earth. A circle of mirco grass deadened around the metal spike as it interferred with their electronics.
Pace lifted his head and started toward the next lookout while the barge floated along the opposite hill.
“You’re controling that?” Valentine asked.
“Of course,” Pace said matter-of-fact.
“Why isn’t it automated?” Valentine asked.
“Cheaper,” Pace said as they climbed to the top of a small look out. He steadied himself again to plant the next spike.
“Hey, can I try?” Valentine asked.
Pace looked at him.
“I’ve done it before. Nothing that big but with my car,” Valentine said.
Pace looked at the horizon. It was still clear. He was hesitant.
“C’mon, how are we going to build your Firebird if you don’t teach me the basics,” Valentine said.
“Fine,” Pace said after a moment. “But you have to listen and do exactly as I say.”
Valentine hopped ecstatically next to Pace to start his lesson, but he could tell from the quick turn of Pace’s head that he was being glared at.
“First, calm youself,” Pace said. “Establish the connection.”
“Ok—” Valentine said.
“Steady your breathing. Find a singular focus where your breath touches your nostrils. Then bring your inner focus to your eyes,” Pace said.
Valentine followed Pace’s instruction. He stood in a way that felt natural and bent his legs into a quarter-squat. He wondered why then it occured to him that his body felt as if it would be lifting the weight of the barge and he wanted to be prepared. He slowed his breathing and took deep inhales and exhales. But he felt tight.
“Now breath into your back body. Use your diaphram,” Pace said.
Valentine did as he was told and discovered that he could breath three times as much air into his lungs.
“Now hold at the top. Then release slowly. The trick is to sip in a little more air before you release so you don’t choke up and expunge the air all at once. Exhale through your nose, slowly.”
Valentine sipped one last breat of air and held his breath with his lungs fully expanded. He felt tingling and a bit high. Then he sipped in a tiny amount of air, which relaxed his throat to release the air out steadily and slowly. When he was done, he felt light-headed.
“Repeat,” Pace said.
Valentine repeated the breathing exercise. He inhaled deeply, held it at the top until he felt carbon dioxide flood his lungs, then sipped a small bit of air to release his diaphram and released slowly. He did it again. Then again. Pace’s voice started to quiet and fall to the background. “Now bring the external attention to the center of your eyes. You’ll know.” Valentine searched for his external attention. He couldn’t find it. What did that mean? He continued to breath and felt a gust of wind blow past his body, stinging his cheek. It was starting to rain. The sensation of the water reminded him that he had a body; which was such an obvious fact; but Valentine realized in the moment that his mind was outside in the abstract, anxious about embarrasing himself in front of Pace. He snatched the focal point of his attention and started to bring it back into his physical body. First he brought it to his cheek where the water touched his skin. From there, he moved his attention until it brought to the area between his eyes. Then he brought it a bit higher to his forehead and held it there. He felt tingling and buzzing. Valentine continued to breath rythmically when he felt a drop in his consciousness. He hadn’t gone anywhere but he felt as if he dropped down into a seat. Pace was right, he knew that he had found the point of focus.
“Now expand your reach and feel the barge floating in front of you. It’s receptive. You can feel it.”

They sat in Pace’s shack during the rainstorm. Outside, lightning struck twenty spires, their tips cracking with sparks. All the grass turned a shade of deep gray and covered the ground like fur. Pace leaned back on a wooden chair, balancing on its back legs. He had shed the reflective suit down to his waist and wore a white cotton tank top that was stained with dirt. His heavy leather boots were propped on a simple wooden table with a split in the middle. He rocked back and forth, pouring himself great cups of black tea with milk. He did not offer any to Valentine, who paced from wall to wall, looking at the lightning storm and the sparks like fireworks outside. He hummed a soft melody.
“Where’s that from?” Pace asked.
“Where’s what?”
“That tune,” Pace said, pouring another great cup of tea into his thermos. He then poured enough milk to cool it down.
Valentine racked his brain for the source of the melody but he couldn’t tell.
“Sounds familiar,” Pace said.
“You play any instruments?” Valentine asked.
“Do I look like I play any?”
The conversation ended there. Pace blew the wafting steam away from him and breathed in the updraft. It was the first time Valentine had seen the man relax.
“Where are we going to find the parts?” Valentine asked.
“Shipwreck,” Pace answered. “Out west in the desert.”
“Shipwreck?” Valentine said, mulling the name over. “I’ve never heard it.”
Pace shook his head and snickered.
“What’s so funny?” Valentine asked, settling near a window. The rain smashed against the glass so the world outside was a blur. The wooden panels rattled. A quiet fear quickly passed through Valentine as he had a sense of déjà vu of a building that was submerged before.
“I’m laughing because you don’t even know what you do,” Pace said.
“I do—” Valentine said, puffing out his chest. He looked at the man rocking on the chair, his skin browned from the sun, while his own was pale like a fish.
“What do you do?” Pace asked.
“I write little stories, little engrams,” Valentine said. “I entertain people.”
“You entertain people? With what?”
“I’m working on something big,” Valentine said, then he looked furtively around the cabin. “Something really big,” he said.
“Then tell us,” Pace said with a gulp, “storm’s gonna last a while.”
“It’s not ready,” Valentine said. Pace shrugged his shoulders and looked at the rainstorm outside the window.
“Ok, fine, it’s called the Ainos Enigram, and it’s this story about an unnamed hero who wakes up after the Last Battle and hears the calling to return home,” Valentine said.
“It’s called what?” Pace asked.
“The Ai-nos Eni-gram,” Valentine said slowly.
Pace furrowed his brow.
“What’s that?”
Now Valentine shrugged his shoulders.
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know and you’re writing about it?” Pace studied Valentine’s hunched posture.
“Well I do know… it’s like deep inside me… I know exactly what it is not and when I have carved away enough, I’ll know what it is,” Valentine said.
“Guess it’s like making a speeder,” Pace said.
Valentine tilted his head at him.
“How so?”
Pace breathed in deep.
“There’s the perfect vehicle out there, somewhere, in the ether. I can feel it. But to bring it to life, I’ve had to make a lot of crap cans,” he said, taking out a cigarette. He sparked it and took a drag. “And every time I do, I know what should not go into the speeder from my dreams.”
“Dreams…” Valentine said. “Have you—have you ever driven your speeder? In a dream?”
“All the time,” Pace said, taking another drag then breathed out the smoke into a filter recessed into the ceiling. “It’s the only place where I can.”
“I wish I could do that,” Valentine said.
“What? Dream?” Pace asked.
Valentine scratched his head.
“Now that you ask, I don’t know if I remember any dreams,” he said. “I wish I could see the story in my dream.”
“Why?”
“It’d be easier.”
“Easier?”
“Yeah—” Valentine said, sitting on the windowsill. He sniffed in a bit of the cigarette smoke and coughed. “Mind putting that out?” he said, but when he saw Pace’s unamused look that indicated the door, he shut his mouth. “I just mean if I could feel the story then I could write it down. It’d be so much less taxing. I’m pretty worn out, or I was. I don’t know.”
For a while there was silence between them and only the staccato of the rain. The roof sounded like a hail of bullets was hitting it. Lightning cracked again and the sparks spread between the lightning spires. Then the boom of thunder shook the door.
“Do you want it to be easier?” Pace said.
“Yes, wouldn’t you?” Valentine answered.
“No,” Pace answered, finishing the cigarette. He flicked the butt into a trashcan in the corner. Valentine was impressed. There were no automatons or auto-furniture that cleaned the cabin. It was spartan and spotless. There was the chair and table Pace leaned on; and there was a cot. It reminded Valentine of being in an attic with the way the roof peaked into a triangle. Instinctively he looked to a corner and there was a standing closet made of black mahogany, the most expensive piece by far. He started toward it.
“Hey! Don’t touch my stuff,” Pace said. His bark shook Valentine out of his daydream.
“Sorry, I don’t know why I thought the closet belonged to me,” Valentine said.
“Because you’re entitled,” Pace said nonchalantly.
“So Shipwreck?” Valentine asked. His legs were getting sore from standing and the storm did not seem to be letting up.
“Shipwreck; out west. Three hours drive. Probably an hour if we gun it,” Pace said.
“I can fly us there,” Valentine said.
“No-fly zone,” Pace said. “It’s military.”
“Military?” Valentine said. “How are we going to get in?”
Pace looked at him as if he were an idiot.
Valentine looked at his A3 badge.
“Oh,” he said. “This is military?”
“No, but it’ll get us into the scrap yard,” Pace said.
“Shipwreck is a scrap yard? For what?” Valentine asked.
“Shit that got trashed from the war,” Pace said.
A loud thunder boom shook the cabin and Valentine felt the ultrasonic vibration rattle his core. A flash of lightning struck and cast their shadows against the wall; followed by another distant boom. The rain came down harder.
“So when are we going to go?” Valentine asked.
Pace took another swig from his thermos cup. The bottle was empty. He tipped it over and caught the last few drops on his tongue.
“Hand me that,” Pace motioned to the shelf above his small kitchenette.
There was only a bottle of honey and a tin of tea bags. Valentine reached for the honey and Pace nodded.
Then there was a knock at the door. Valentine almost leapt out of his skin. Pace got up and opened the door halfway. A blast of rain splattered the floor in a triangle. A small figure stood at the door wrapped in a black rain poncho with transparent visors. With a flick of his chin, Pace told the person to get in. The figure ducked through the opening in the door as Pace pulled the door closed. Valentine stood facing the figure unsure what to do. Pace walked to him and took the honey out of his hand then made his way back to his chair. The small figure took off its raincoat and Valentine saw she was a small girl, no more than nineteen, dressed mostly in black with drab baggy pants and steel-toed high-top sneakers.
“Casper, Valentine,” Pace said, squeezing a dollop of honey into his mouth and licking his lips.
“Hi,” Casper said with a feminine yet husky voice. “You the Card?” she asked, to which Pace nodded.
“What is happening?” Valentine asked, still stunned. He watched as Casper unloaded a slim backpack strapped to her back and began unrolling it in the middle of the cabin. Slim tendrils so fine as to be mycelium were connected to a pulsing octagonal core.
“What is that?” Valentine asked, “Can someone answer me?”
“You’ve never seen a Dream Machine?” Casper said.
Valentine shook his head. Casper shrugged. She laid the filament in neat coils then sat down in the middle of the sheet. Then she held up the pulsing octagonal core to her abdomen and closed her eyes in meditation. The core quickened at first then slowed to a regular rhythm. Casper’s eyes flickered beneath her eyelids as her breathing coincided with the rhythm of the core.
“She’s dreamwalking,” Pace said, sitting up in his seat. The lights in the cabin flickered. Valentine watched as Casper stiffened, her breath became so shallow it seemed nonexistent; the only thing moving were her eyes, and they rolled slowly beneath her eyelids. The core pulsed. Then he felt a slight push, as if an invisible force was gently nudging him aside. Valentine stepped back and he blinked in disbelief as a shadow passed through the door. The lights returned to normal, but dimmer. He went to the door and saw a silhouette in the rain, but in the middle of the shape there was nothing. A flash of lightning exposed a white shadow on the ground outside, about the same height as the girl. He looked back at her still sitting in the cabin but he felt her outside also. The silhouette walked through the rain then it sped up and quickly sped away as quick as a projection.
“Where’s she going?” Valentine asked.
“She’s checking out the site, to see if we can go tonight,” Pace said. When he finished, Valentine noticed he was wringing his hands and lightly tapping his heels.
“Is it dangerous?” Valentine asked about the process.
“Could be,” Pace said. “But she’s one of the best.”
Valentine kept watch outside the window. The rain continued, drifting between intense and calm. Every now and then he checked back on the still body of the young girl and saw gradually a smile spread across her face. He checked his watch, it must have been fifteen or twenty minutes but it felt much longer.
“What do dreamwalkers do?” Valentine asked.
Pace stood up and he too scanned outside the window.
“She sees things in her dream that are more likely to come true than the rest,” Pace said.
“You mean she sees the future?” Valentine gasped.
“Sorta; she follows the Wyrd,” Pace answered.
“The Wyrd?” Valentine answered.
“The Wyrdie—they call it. I don’t know. I’ve never seen it. But dream walkers talk about the Wyrdie like it’s a road or a stream that they are guided down by symbols and signs,” Pace said. He peeked back at Casper’s meditative body. The fibers had grown around her and were starting to form a chrysalis. The core was gently beating.
“What is that?” Valentine asked.
“The box? It’s the Eye,” Pace said. “And it’s pretty gross.”
Valentine looked outside, expecting to see an empty silhouette at any minute but it was still a curtain of rain. The lightning towers provided the only flash of light in the middle of the night. Pace dimmed the light in the cabin until it matched the ambient lighting outside. Pace knelt beside Casper and touched the back of his hand to her forehead then withdrew it. She continued to breathe slowly and her peaceful smile was spreading. The mycelium had almost formed a shell around her crossed legs and torso and loose vines reached up to her neck.
“Cas, you should be getting back,” Pace said to the meditating figure, “Tick-tock.”
Valentine looked at his watch again. It had been an hour. The hands pointed to a quarter past midnight. Casper scrunched her forehead and there came a soft moan from her throat.
“Calm, calm, not that fast,” Pace said. The sitting figure responded; the moaning stopped and her face returned to peace again.
“This is called the Eye?” Valentine asked, pointing to the core.
“It is the eye… of the first dreamwalker,” Pace said. Valentine gulped.
“I see,” he said.
“No you don’t. Not yet,” Pace answered. And their conversation ended there.
Casper opened her eyes.
Pace looked at her as she came to as one did from deep sleep. She shook her head.
“Not tonight,” she said, “we all die.”
Pace nodded.
“I’ll call them off,” Pace said.
Valentine watched the process as Pace went to the corner of the cabin near the kitchenette. He tapped the tin can twice. Meanwhile, Casper ripped the mycelium away from her body and rolled the mass, only with the core containing the Eye, into her rucksack. She slung it on her back and with a circular motion draped the raincoat around her.
“Honey?” Pace offered.
“No, it wasn’t that bad tonight,” Casper said. She extended her hand and Pace waved Valentine over.
“The card,” Pace said.
Dumbly following direction, Valentine produced the A3 access card. Casper passed her wrist underneath it, withdrawing BIPs from Valentine’s account.
“You missed your date tonight,” Casper said to Valentine. He had completely forgotten about the Bobette Ada’s request. His eyes widened. More perplexed was he about how she knew. “It’s alright. She likes blue roses,” Casper said as she opened the door. The rain outside was starting to die down. “Next time,” she said to Pace, who raised his palm in farewell, then the door shut and the small girl was gone.

Valentine woke in his apartment. Ada was nude asleep next to him. On the nightstand where some of their clothes still lay, there was a vase filled with blue roses. He shook off the heavy sleep. Was that all imagined? He wondered. He could not remember the flight home as he yawned.
“You got back so late,” Ada said, still half-asleep. “I was so pissed at you. No one stands me up you know.”
“I’m sorry—” Valentine said.
“You already made it up—and more,” Ada said with a sly wink as she leaned over and kissed the side of his body. “I don’t take these things personally. Plus, that lightning storm was intense. Never seen anything like it… it was like dragon fire spitting across the City. Can’t believe it took down nine grids.”
“Nine grids?” Valentine said.
“Yeah. I heard Bob and Efrin got killed when their hovercraft got spiked,” Ada said.
“Wow—that’s so sad,” Valentine said with a quiet monotone, not knowing who Bob or Efrin were.
“Engram said we should stay back today while they retool security,” Ada said. She wrapped her arms around him and bit his skin with her lip lazily. “We could get some work done alone.”
Valentine looked around the room. It was dark. A grey dawn outside was masked by the window’s UV screen.
“Is something wrong?” Ada said as she propped herself up on her arms. “You bored of me or something?”
“No, no,” Valentine said.
She tilted his chin to face her.
“You could leave, you know, if you’re going to be rude,” she said.
“No, I—” Valentine said. Was this his or her apartment? He wondered, but the thought swam beneath a turbulent sea of confusion.
Ada shook her head.
“Get out, just go. You’re not even here,” she said. Valentine wasn’t sure what to do. He wasn’t sure if this was some loyalty test. He looked at Ada who propped herself onto her arms in recline. In the twilight of the room, he saw the faint curve of her neck and the gentle sweep of her torso. Her face was hidden in shadows and he felt she was very sad.
Valentine smiled.
“You’re right,” he said, “we could get a lot of work done here.” He rolled on top of her and she opened to embrace him.

Here is the passage with typos and minor grammar issues corrected, preserving all original formatting and line breaks.

And so the days went at the Engram Company. When Valentine returned to the office, the Effrins had already finished one hundred and twenty pages. They had actually finished two thousand pages but only presented him with what they thought were the best. Valentine took the pages into his office, ran them through the Engram Facsimile and experienced a story that was mediocre. He yawned. Meanwhile, the Effetes and Effrins waited dotingly on his reply.
“Good,” he said. “Two hundred by next week.”
They were ecstatic. In the evening, Valentine could see them rounded up together going to the bar. He looked out the window at row after row of yellow lights like pixels on a big screen of corporate glass. He returned to his desk and sat down. Bobette Ada had sent him a pulse but he let it dwindle. He didn’t feel much like going home tonight. There was an anger and a restlessness that confused him because of his outward lethargy. He took out the red folio. The Ainos Enigram, it said in fine gold lettering. He flipped it open. On the first page, above the black fine print of the Maestro, he had written in blue ink: What is the Ainos Enigram?
Valentine’s eyelids grew heavy. He had not rested despite many nights of long sleep. He bit down to stifle a yawn, which only made him sleepier. He flared his nostrils and breathed in.
What was this all about? He thought. What was the point? What he did didn’t seem to matter. Somehow he had found an invisible groove in the company and if he only continued, didn’t rock the boat too much, and demanded more from the Effrins, then his position was secured. It wasn’t an issue of money. He had plenty of that now. The A3 card’s access to BIPS seemed almost infinite. He didn’t want to risk getting it flagged by buying something extraordinary, but for all the luxuries he had plenty. And it wasn’t for lack of sex either. Bobette Ada was a dastardly lover and changed her demeanor and outfits nightly to suit their play. In the moment, Valentine envisioned the dark sheer pantyhose that Ada wore only with her strapless lingerie. It would have been enough to make any man satisfied. Yet, he felt the act quite empty. He didn’t feel like he was winning. That was the main issue. He had won at some earlier point but now he was floating.
Valentine swiped his hand over the table and a fine glass of aged single malt whiskey appeared suspended in a cube of ice. He took a sip and felt a buzz instantly. Perhaps he ought to push the envelope a bit. After all, his A3 access was begging to be used. But how? He looked out the window at the rings of automatons and hovercrafts moving in synchrony. What did he want?
Valentine mulled this over as the office darkened. He wanted an adventure. Something safe but harrowing at the same time. And when it ended, he wanted to feel like he won. A game, a bigger game than the one he was playing, and a better game, a more collaborative game.
Just then, there was a knock at the door. Last time this happened, Valentine had been promoted to A-access and given a nice change of clothes. He sprinted to the door and yanked it open. There was no one, and he expected no one. But there was a small black box sitting on the floor. Valentine looked around the hall and didn’t see the delivery person. His gaze stayed on the elevator doors. The black one he was used to. But the red one next to it, he hadn’t given it much thought. Perhaps tonight was the night.
Valentine took the small black box back to his desk and arranged it perfectly flush with the edges of the table. He straightened out his own clothes and sat more forward in his chair. With his index finger, he carefully pried the lid up. It released with the ease of unsealing magnets and inside he discovered two vials: one white, one black. There was a note. Valentine flipped it over and read it.
 
You have asked about
The nature of the Ainos Enigram
Perhaps it is time you saw
What it really is
 
The white vial
Will make you sleep
And through the layers
You’ll go
 
The black vial
Will make you die
And perhaps you’ll realize
You were never alive
 
Which one
Mr. Valentine?
 
The choice seemed obvious. The white vial.
Valentine picked up the black vial and swirled the contents around. Black liquid moved languidly as if covered in oil. He set it down and found his palms were sweating.
He picked up the white vial. It was light and clear and the solution moved like tears. Valentine opened the cork with his thumb and smelled the inside. It smelled like vanilla.
Perhaps it is nothing, just a trick or some sugar water, he thought. Valentine looked furtively around the room. He half expected someone in the corner watching him. There was no one. The room was lit warmly with reading lights. Valentine’s hand lowered slightly. He thought of how the night could go, the usual routine. He could pack up, go home, make love to Bobette Ada, try the latest engram, fall asleep. And he would be back in the same seat in the morning.
Valentine drank the white vial swiftly then wiped his mouth. It left behind a milky and sweet aftertaste not unlike honey but a bit more musty. He coughed, an itch catching his throat. No effect. The buzz from the whiskey had gone. Valentine looked at the half-drunk whiskey glass and swiped it away. He didn’t want to mix his poisons.
Then he sat there, with his hands folded in his lap, his legs straight and his feet propped on his heels. Nothing. He looked at the clock and it didn’t seem to move… until it did. One second. Two. Three. Valentine sighed loudly and got up. His balance was wobbly. He smiled. At least it was doing something. Down the layers he’ll go, Valentine thought. He opened the door to his office. He was starting to feel a buzzing sensation throughout his body. He braced himself in the middle of the hall and blinked his eyes to clear his vision. The feeling was subtle and had an ebb and flow like the current of the ocean. Valentine looked at the red door and made his way toward it, aware of each step he was taking. His hand reached out and without prompting, the doors to the red elevator slid open. There was a ding. The inside was equally red, lined with red felt and velvet. The hand rails were of a gilded gold color and there was no soldering. The strut of the rail exuded from its bar and melded seamlessly into the side wall. Valentine stepped in. The soles of his feet sank slightly into the plush carpeting. Strangely, being an elevator presumably for use by many, the carpet felt unused.
Valentine turned and looked for the buttons to press but there were none. The inside of the door was a mirror of polished silver and he only saw himself in it. His vision was starting to sharpen again and the dissolving feeling of the white solution came in waves but each time it settled, Valentine felt himself further composed. He stood straighter, even as his legs lost their instability. He felt as if he had too much energy swirling in his core and it was almost uncomfortable. The door closed, this time with another ding. And for moments, Valentine stood there. The contour around his face began to blur and he rubbed his eyes. He couldn’t keep on staring at his own image and he looked away into a corner; yet, somehow, he got the sense his reflection did not turn.
The elevator moved. There was a lurch, as if it was being pulled by something mechanical. There was the feeling of inertia being disrupted; angular momentum redirected. In the regular black elevator, there was no such sense of movement. It was part of the design that it felt static. The transition from the lobby to his office hallway could be instant if he just closed his eyes. But now there was an unmistakable sense of change.
The elevator slowed. Valentine adjusted his tie, shuffled his jacket. He unbuckled his belt, pulled up his pants, and buckled his belt again. The elevator was still moving, but now it felt as if he were moving horizontally. Valentine wondered if he had gone up or down; and the feeling in the pit of his stomach was that he had gone down.
The door disappeared. The metal and glass material was still there. But Valentine could see through it. He gasped.
The depth of the world revealed itself to him. As high as the City reached above, with its thrusting skyscrapers and endless beads of traffic, so did it dig below. And more so. The inverted world appeared to Valentine to be an ever-diving abyss outlined by terraces. It was the body of the iceberg below the water. It was the belly of the whale. It was the entire skeleton of society that remained buried in the earth and thriving, and what was above was merely a head coming up for air.
He saw the endless tracks and tunnels twisting in torus shapes thought impossible to design, let alone construct, ends that branched into new beginnings, without a sense of what was up or down. On every surface there was movement. Automata shaped like pills slid rapidly along vestibules in masses and at break-neck speeds that boggled Valentine’s mind. And never was there any collision. It was complete and utter perfection in planning.
His own elevator pod traveled along a surface enclosed by a semi-transparent tube that ran parallel. Valentine pressed his face against the transparent glass of his transport and admired the synchrony. He saw in the reflection that there were no rails or wheels; the pods levitated a fist’s length above the polished surface. The pod swerved, but he barely felt it, as the floor of what he thought was merely an elevator swung. He was standing on a gyroscopic pendulum. And no matter if the craft traveled upright, pitched against a cliff on the left or right, or hanging from above or in any conceivable angle, he—the passenger—always felt the floor underneath his feet. Valentine shook his head in disbelief.
Who lived here? He wondered. And how could he not have known that such a subterranean empire was buried beneath the City? He looked above and saw that the ceiling—if it could be called that—was the underside of the ocean’s surface from below, where the waves were magnetic, shimmering splendors. He blinked. Where is this taking me? Valentine wondered. It was not a question he wanted the answer to, but a thought that felt appropriate for the reception of the moment.
More of the pod became transparent, no longer just the door, and the opaque lining seemed to strip away like old, chipped paint, until all that was left was the gilded railing that melded into metallic glass and the plush red carpet below his feet. Valentine grabbed the railing to steady himself. To his surprise, it moved closer. There was feedback. It was a lever, not just a hold for his hand.
“No way,” he whispered. He pulled again, and the railing came closer, and the wall with it. He felt a tinge of fear but it was evaporated by a sea of curious excitement. Because the wall was transparent, he didn’t feel trapped nor confined. Valentine pulled the railing until it was right in front of him, half an arm’s length away. The size and ratio of the elevator had adjusted to this new, personal dimension. Valentine had a strong hunch. He swallowed a lump of spit and splayed his fingers around the railing. He pushed. The craft sped up. He laughed. He pushed more and the craft accelerated. There seemed no end to the speed to which it could go. The pleasant geometries of the other crafts on the road surface, as they were merely tapestries, moved aside. Feeling devilish, Valentine pulled right on the lever and moved toward an opaque, oblong transport. When he got close enough, the transport moved to the side. Valentine moved further right, and it moved, keeping away. He pulled the lever steadily right. His craft pushed the transport to the edge of the road. Its side was flush with the edge of the road and beyond there was a drop below. His breath and heartbeat quickened.
What if? Valentine wondered.
He pulled right. The transport rolled over the edge.
“Oh no, oh no,” Valentine cursed. He swerved to the side to check on the transport. Tentatively, he looked over the edge but didn’t see it falling. There were only more winding tapestries. Heart still beating, Valentine wondered where it had gone, when a pod came in fast from the left side. He tried to pull out of the way but it was too late. Valentine’s heart pounded and he squeezed the lever, holding on for dear life, as he went over the edge.
But he didn’t fall.
His pod rolled smoothly around the curved edge of the road then attached itself to the underside. The floor beneath him rotated with the roll and not once did Valentine feel the ground shift beneath his feet. He looked to his left and saw the oblong transport that he had run off the road hanging languidly as if nothing had happened. He let out a big sigh. Then he looked up. The road was transparent and he could see the emerald pod that had pushed him over speeding away.
Valentine sped up and followed. The pod darted between transports and Valentine followed, bypassing slower moving obstacles on the underside. The road ahead branched and the pod took a ramp off to the right. Valentine followed. But at the last minute, the pod cut across to the left. Valentine cursed and threw his weight left, barely making the intersection. The pod sped up, apparently trying to throw him off. Valentine accelerated until he was directly under the craft. He looked up, through the transparent road, into the opaque floor of the pod above. He was so focused on the chase that he didn’t notice the road had narrowed from a wide lane to a single lane, and it was tapering into a strand. The two pods got closer and closer and spun around this single strand, daring the other to be the first to slow. And in this dance, Valentine felt like he was in flow. He had a sense of the pod and could feel its dimension in space. He could even feel the attachment to the road surface. Whereas he thought the ride was entirely frictionless, he could now feel drag. And the road continued to narrow and their pods spun around it. Valentine looked around and saw that hundreds of other such strands were spiraling together into a basin.
“Look out!”
The message shocked him. He did not know where it came from except it was loud and urgent. A pod was in front of them and Valentine was going too fast. He pulled back but he couldn’t decelerate fast enough. He was going to collide.
“Let go!”
Their pods were twirling around the strand. The slow pod before them rapidly approached. Valentine had a death-grip on the lever as he prepared himself for impact. He saw their pods spiralling and slamming into the slower vehicle and all three of them exploding and falling in smithereens.
“Valentine, let go!”
At the sound of his name, Valentine snapped to attention and his hands let go of the lever. His pod detached from the strand and was flung into space by centripetal force. Looking below, he saw the emerald pod perfectly time the evasion so it spun around the slower pod, then using its speed, it too detached from the strand, launching toward Valentine. He reached the top of his arc and began to fall. He reached for the lever but the words “Valentine, let go” stayed with him. He stopped his hand just above the lever and felt a jolt as the other pod struck his. He looked up and saw through the transparent material it was a woman with black hair and green eyes. Their pods coupled in the air and spun. He didn’t feel any fear but curiosity, about the woman, about the harmony of the system, and most about what would occur next.
Their coupled pods spun chaotically for a few revolutions then evened out. A strand of road caught them and glued them to it and they traversed down its side. Their revolution around the strand slowed to a stop and they traversed on the strand in parallel. His eyes met the woman’s, who tilted her head, signaling for them to stop. Valentine nodded.
Their pods veered off the strand of road that continued its twisted descent and stopped on a thin, flat disc. The door opened and Valentine got out. He saw from the vantage that many strands descended into a stadium at the bottom of the basin. Loud cheers and rumbles rang up. The strands of roads and ambient lanterns provided small, warm glows amidst the blackness. The other pod’s door popped open and the woman stepped out. She wore a synthetic racing uniform with black pants and a white vest. She craned her neck and stretched her back. Valentine heard small pops and cracks as she let out a big sigh.
“That was some move there, Valentine,” she said. Her black hair partially covered her green eyes and she hid a smile.
Valentine knew her name before he could remember who she was, because it felt to him like he had known her in many lives.
“Hi, Vera,” he said.

They sat on the edge of the disc overlooking the abyss below. The only source of light and bundle of energy was the coliseum below.
“What’s happening?” Valentine asked.
“They’re practicing for the Stellaris. It’s a race,” Vera said, dangling her feet.
“Where’s the finish line?” he asked.
Vera looked up.
“The surface?” he said.
Vera shook her head.
“Above. Outside that,” Vera pointed. “You see the dome trapping the City?”
Valentine hung on to the “trapping.” He had thought it gave the City a veneer of glamour.
“It’s just a noise and energy shield—I thought,” Valentine said. Vera smiled.
“Where have you been these years?” she asked.
“These years?” Valentine looked around as if searching for the answer. His memories were vague. “I work at the Engram Corporation. How do I know you?” he asked, looking at her. There was a slight aura around her head. He imagined that he had seen this face before and how nice she would look in front of dark waves near an open window at night.
“I was about to ask you the same,” she said, laughing.
They sat there while the cheer of the crowd below echoed through the space. Valentine squinted, trying to see an edge to the darkness. Faintly, terraced lines from the walls caught some low lights.
“I remember a house. It was a big house on an island. And we had a father,” she said.
“A father?” Valentine gasped. He had never thought about his family much. He knew he came from somewhere, but that origin was never as interesting to him as the struggle against an invisible angst that trapped him, like the shield around the City. Now he started to understand. If he could just get through that shield, then maybe things would make sense, and then maybe he could afford to think about stuff like family.
“Are we… siblings?” Valentine asked, his voice slightly trembling.
“Let’s see,” Vera said, and grabbed his hand. There was a slight spark when they touched. Valentine resisted the urge to jerk his hand back. And so their palms lay, one on top of the other. A horn sounded from the stadium and racers started to go around the bowl. After a few revolutions, lines of lights were all they saw. Vera’s hand lay on top of Valentine’s, and he never wanted it to leave. The pressure of her hand pressing against his onto the metal concrete of the disc felt warm and reassuring. Vera snickered.
“I don’t think we were siblings,” she said. “I think we were adopted.”
Valentine breathed a sigh of relief. Then he sniffed, careful to contain his sigh so as not to seem too excited. Vera only responded with a sly, mischievous smile. Small tufts of wind blew her hair in front of her right eye so only her left looked back. They were green and deep. She pursed her lips and blew a puff of air upward and the hair lifted out of the way. Then she retracted her hand.
“What have you been up to?” Valentine asked, even though he did not remember any previous encounter. It just felt like the right question to ask her.
“I worked at Engram too,” she said. Casually, Vera showed him a flip-out wallet with her badge. A4. Valentine’s nostrils flared. It was embossed with an eagle.
“I didn’t know… you could leave,” he said.
“Of course, why wouldn’t you?” she laughed.
The race was starting and the racers poured out of the stadium. They glued onto the road strands and left after-images of neon lights. They twisted and turned and double helices of light abounded. The most common were pairs of two, twisting on the strands. There were singles too, but they couldn’t pick up speeds as fast and were behind. Valentine looked down at a strand with three colors competing—purple, pink, blue—zooming up the strand quickly. Since the strands only fit two, there was jostling between the triplet to see which combination of pairs gathered the most speed. Purple and pink spun together, then blue pushed in and twisted with pink, until purple edged back in, pushing blue aside. Pink used the momentum and released from the strand, flying across the chasm toward another strand, magnetizing with a single orange racer, and they gathered speed, corkscrewing upward. They passed before Valentine and Vera. For the first time he could see the vehicles. Sleek polycarbonate and metal with magdiscs attached to the strands. The crafts were more porous and aerodynamic than his company-issue hovercraft and made it look like a brick in comparison. Then they were gone.
“Hold on,” Vera said, hooking onto the edge of the disc with both hands. Valentine looked quizzically at her. Then a sonic boom came and blew Valentine onto his back. Vera laughed. She made the motion of splashing water on him. It all felt oddly similar.
“The Island,” he said.
Vera stilled, her face settling from amusement. Her eyes were full of a recognition that wanted to happen.
“The Island,” she said.
“There was a flood,” he said.
She nodded.
“And—and—” Valentine picked himself up. The image swam just under the surface of his recognition. If only he could grasp it. He smiled. “Do you like frogs?”
She laughed.
“I hate frogs,” she said. “They are so dopey. And bulbous.”
“Mr. Frog,” he said, the phrasing coming out so naturally.
“Is that what you are? A frog? And this is your well?” she said, her mischievous smile growing. Seeing Valentine reddening in the face and growing flustered, she laughed, and the note of her laugh came from the gut and hit him deep.
“I thought frogs lived in ponds,” he said. “Well?”
“Oh. I don’t know why I said that,” she said, looking up at the racers as they reached the tips of the strands at the edge of the bird’s nest. She grew quiet and sad. There too was a memory that had almost made its way to the surface and she could not quite grasp it.
“Why do you think we forget?” Vera asked. “There isn’t one person who remembers their life before the City.”
“Maybe we don’t need those memories. I’m surviving fine without them,” Valentine chanced a smile, but it was empty. Vera shook her head slightly.
“I don’t know you well, Valentine, but I can tell when you’re lying. You puff up your chest and you stop blinking,” she said. Valentine swallowed a glob of spit and he felt blood rush to his ears. “There’s no need to be embarrassed. I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to point it out like that. We’ve known each other for a long time, it seems.”
“I wasn’t lying,” Valentine said. “I—was—being optimistic.”
“You don’t have to be optimistic, Valentine. You don’t have to be anything. Isn’t that easier?” she said.
On hearing her, Valentine felt a tremendous amount of weight lift from his shoulders. Tears were coming to his eyes.
“Yea. Yea,” he said, nodding.
They both looked up and the five neon lines traced the edge of the bowl. But none had enough energy to escape gravity. The last one fell first, its color blurred in space and its dot was lost to the black background. Then the next, and the next, until only two were left. Purple and blue. Vera stood up.
“Come up,” she said. “Go! Up!”
Purple and blue magnetized around each other and started to spin. The final strand spun upward like a ramp and the two of them launched. For a moment, purple and blue shot like spinning arrows into space.
Then they reached their apex.
Their lights faded with the momentum.
And they started to fall. Their colors flickered to motes and dots before disappearing. Vera sighed.
Valentine was still fixated on the blackness of space. He could see the crafts fall and they dove past him like black sparrows. He followed them down. Before the racers hit the ground, they re-magnetized. Some caught on strands feeding down into the coliseum. Purple and blue both kicked their engines right before impact, landing in the center of the stadium.
“Come on, let’s go meet them,” Vera said.
“You know them?” Valentine said.
“Too well. You’ll like them… I hope.”
Vera hopped back into her pod and said something, but the glass trapped the sound of her voice. Valentine motioned that he couldn’t hear. She pointed him at his pod. When he got in, her voice came on.
“Just push yourself over the edge and fall. The magnets will catch you,” she said.
“I just fall?” he said.
“Yea, just fall. Trust it. I mean—aim a little for the strands. I’ve never seen anyone slip through, but I don’t know. There’s something extra dopey about you, Mr. Frog.”

Valentine admired the two ships parked on the speedway. The purple ship was sleek with a neon green tip and a miniature spoiler above the nose that swept up on each side. The body was like obsidian glass, reflecting the stadium’s lights in its sheen. The rear blended the black glass with purple, tapering into a needle. The inert machine sat on a pair of orange jacks. The pilot sat behind the wheels, turning the rear thrusters. The exhaust nozzle dilated with pneumatic sounds.
The blue craft sat behind. The pilot was short, wearing a reflective g-suit that sagged around her waist when unpressurized. She was giving instructions to mechanical automatons that went around the hovercraft making adjustments to the distances between the mag-discs.
The short pilot turned to Valentine.
“You again,” the pilot said.
Valentine recognized her. It was the child called Casper who had been at Pace’s cabin.
“Hey Ver,” Casper said to Vera, who gave her a wink.
Vera walked up to the purple craft, leaned into the open cockpit, and gave the distracted pilot a kiss on the cheek.
Valentine’s heart sank.
The pilot turned to Vera and returned her kiss by pressing his lips long and deep into hers. Vera leaned into the kiss, rising to the balls of her feet. The pilot pulled away and flashed her a big smile.
They made some small talk that was inaudible to Valentine. Then the pilot looked his way and stepped out.
He was a wide-shouldered man with pale skin and long, sweat-soaked black hair tinged with silver. He wore a glossy black g-suit that was still pressurized, sticking to his lean torso. He looked oddly similar to Pace, but whereas Pace had a hunch to his back, this man walked upright and his gait had a stomping quality to it. He was still in his racing cleats that clicked against the ground each time he stepped.
He took off his white leather gloves and extended a large hand. He stood a head over Valentine.
“Voltaire,” the pilot said, flashing a bright smile.
Valentine shook his hand. The pilot’s grip constricted with immense pressure.
“Valentine,” he said, steadying his breath.
“Nice to meet you, Valentine,” Voltaire said and let go. The pilot’s size, intensity, and general immensity gave Valentine the impression of an anaconda made of concrete.
“Vera tells me you’re a childhood friend. She never talks about her childhood,” Voltaire said.
Valentine wasn’t sure how to reply. Then he blurted out, “She was a good violin player.”
Voltaire raised an eyebrow. He looked back at Vera, who was walking around the blue speeder chatting with Casper.
“Hey Evie,” Voltaire said, “you never told me you were a musician.”
Vera grinned and made a bowing motion with her hands. Casper relaxed her hand on her hip and squinted at Valentine, looking through him.
“Anyways, welcome to our pit. Look around. I gotta finish diagnostics,” Voltaire said.
Valentine looked at the purple craft.
“Nice ship,” he said.
“Nicest there is,” Voltaire replied quickly.
“Three mag-discs,” Valentine noted.
“Three?” Voltaire said. Only two mag-discs were visible beneath the undercarriage of the speeder.
“The front one is actually a dual coil stack, no?” Valentine said.
Voltaire tilted his neck upward and laughed. His laughter boomed and echoed around the track. Vera walked over. Voltaire put his hand around her neckline and pressed his thumbs into the front of her shoulders.
“Ow, that’s a knot. Gentle,” she said, enjoying the massage.
“Where’d you find this one? You brought me a ringer,” Voltaire said as he wrapped his arms around Vera. She bumped her hips against him and craned her neck to look up. Her eyes shone with admiration. Then she turned to Valentine.
“Where’d you learn about speeders?” she asked him.
“I just guessed,” Valentine said, truly not sure where his intuition had come from.
“What else can you guess?” Voltaire asked Valentine.
Valentine looked around the track. No less than twenty speeders were parked on the ground. Each machine had its own optimizations but generally each followed the same design: an aerodynamic knob nose curved into a narrow cockpit that then tapered into a needle-thin tail with wing-spoilers on top and thrusters beneath. The magnetic discs that allowed the speeders to stick to the grind rail were situated near the center of mass.
The mag-discs under Voltaire’s ship sat near the tip.
Valentine looked at the thruster’s mount angle. The contour of the ship. For a moment he closed his eyes and imagined that he was the ship and how the wind would flow around his body. He felt it, that same ocean-blown breeze that carried wafts of salt and Vera’s laughter from a bygone memory. Valentine began to see sand, rocks, pebbles and heard the gentle crashing of waves. The wind diminished. He saw steps leading up to an old colonial house with large open French windows. And in front there was a figure whose face he could not see sweeping the steps.
“Valentine?” Vera said.
He opened his eyes. His attention returned to the moment even though his mind was slower to return. The daydream seemed more real than the harshly lit racetrack.
“Your thruster’s in the wrong place,” Valentine said.
Vera laughed.
“Where else could it be,” she joked.
Voltaire, however, was dark and silent.
“Explain,” he said.
Valentine walked over to the speeder.
“You don’t need three mag-discs. You can probably get away with one,” he said as he walked around the vehicle. His hand reached out and he skimmed the surface. Casper glared and was about to call him off when Voltaire silenced her with a wave of his finger. His gaze was fixed on Valentine, who nodded as he walked the perimeter.
“I see what you’re trying to do, but you evolved your design wrong,” he said.
“What do you mean? Speak plainly,” Voltaire said, his voice a low cold rumble. But Valentine didn’t hear any menace in it.
“Most speeders have their attachment at the middle. So when they go fast, the drag will pull from the front and flip the ship over. That’s why they all have the front wind fenders,” Valentine said, pointing to the spoiler in the front as well as the piece of bodywork chipped and ground black. “That’s all to keep the tip down. So you moved the mag-discs forward. That’s why your ship doesn’t need the front fender, because it’ll be pinned to the rail near the front. That way you can add more thrust in the back. But that’s why you need three mag-discs. The thrust is so large it’ll tear the speeder right off the rail.”
Vera’s eyes followed Valentine as he explained the mechanics. Her face lowered silently. Casper noticed and chewed her lip askew.
Voltaire lifted his chin and nodded.
“Well spotted,” he said.
Valentine, lost in the schematics, continued:
“And that’s why you fell out of the air. The thruster’s too heavy and pulled you down. The weight’s all off. Heavy in the front and the back. Imagine shooting an arrow that was loaded in the back too—it wouldn’t fly at all.”
“What do you suggest?” Voltaire asked.
“Move the thruster to the front,” Valentine said. He crouched down and hit a button on the vehicle’s parking jack.
“Hey!” Casper burst out.
“Casp, it’s alright,” Voltaire said. He lightly touched Vera’s shoulder and walked past her to Valentine.
The jack lifted the speeder up to chest height.
Valentine pointed at the thruster.
“Look at that thing. Probably feels like you’re pulling a house,” Valentine said.
“We can’t move it to the front,” Casper said. “It’ll mess with the mag-disc’s field.”
“How so,” Valentine asked her. Casper’s voice started rising as she moved her hands quickly.
“There’s so much complication, I can’t go into that right now with a nobody. You have to think about the power lines, you’d need to synchronize the EM fields, the thruster would need to be mounted behind and there’s an issue with clearance…”
“Why don’t you make it into one thing?” Valentine said.
“Make it into one thing!” Casper shouted and threw up her hands. “Volt, who’s this idiot?!”
“Why not?” Valentine said. He sat down. “Both the turbine and the mag-discs use rings of electromagnets. Why not use the turbine as the mag-disc?”
Casper clenched her fists and growled as all the permutations of circuitry and parts crowded her head, giving her a headache. “No, you can’t do that, it’s impossible. Just get away from my machine,” she said, reaching for Valentine. He put up a hand.
“I get it’s really hard, but is it impossible? The turbine—does it generate an EM field when it spins?”
“Of course,” Casper said. “That’s why we have the EM sheath around it to dampen the field so it doesn’t mess with the mag-discs. Moving the discs to the front and increasing the distance made it so I could decrease the weight of the sheath,” she said proudly.
“How much weight did you get rid of?” Valentine said.
“80 kilograms,” she said, crossing her arms.
“You can get rid of the whole thing—maybe a small bit to prevent it from interfering with the onboard electronics,” Valentine said.
Vera interrupted, walking up to them.
“The onboard stuff’s already got protection,” she said. “But if we moved the onboard computer to the back, far away from this magnetic turbine—it would just need the barest EM film to keep it operational.”
“Vera, you can’t be serious,” Casper said. “Volt, can you rein her in?”
Voltaire looked at Casper.
“Is it possible? In theory?” he asked.
“C’mon,” Casper said. But seeing Voltaire’s steady gaze, she said, “I guess in theory, yes. It’s not impossible. It’s a pain in the ass.”
“That’s the business we’re in,” Voltaire said, giving a quick wink at Casper. Her cheeks blushed. Voltaire turned his attention to Valentine again.
“So we unify the turbine and the mag-disc, move it to the front, the compute housing to the back. What then? It’s going to be unstable. The back’s got nothing anchoring it to the rail,” Voltaire said.
“Yes, yes!” Valentine exclaimed. “That’s the beauty of it. Have you seen a samara seed? We had tons of them back on the Island.” He looked at Vera, who returned an unblinking stare to him. Valentine ignored her lack of recognition and turned back to Voltaire.
“No, haven’t seen many trees in my life,” he said.
“Samara seed,” Casper said, holding out her palm. A holographic display showed a seed pod with a transparent wing, shaped like a tadpole. The graphic played as she spoke: “A seed evolved to have a propeller-like wing for dispersion in the wind. From the extinct Ash family and Maple family of trees.”
“Maple,” Valentine said, correcting her. She shot a glare at him and cleared her throat.
“Maple family of trees—they autorotate as they fall,” Casper said, then closed her grip. “So, what’s your point?”
“That’s the shape of the fastest speeder,” Valentine said. “Loaded in the front with a single turbine that doubles as a magnet. The back will look like—”
“—a sail,” Vera said. “When it goes fast, it’ll lift like a sail on a boat.”
“A boat?” Voltaire said, laughing. His eyes shone with light. “Haven’t touched much water either. You islanders are different. But I have flown. What’ll happen in the air when it leaves the rail?”
Casper closed her eyes and her headband started to glow as she envisioned the trajectory of the vehicle. She smiled.
“It’ll spin like an arrow,” she said. “Really, really fast, Voltaire.”
He nodded, a big grin coming to his face.
“And Casp,” he said, “can you make this new turbine ejectable?”
“Why?” she said.
“Why would we need the mag-disc in the air without rails?”
She got it and smiled too.
“Guys, hush,” Vera said, even as she tried to hide a smile as well. She flicked her neck to indicate the other pit crews that were starting to look in their direction. The team quieted down. Casper had the hardest time, giggling between clenched teeth. Her headband continued to glow as she started on the design of the new vehicle.
Voltaire got up from kneeling with a slight groan.
Valentine leaned forward to get up and found Voltaire had extended a hand.
“Let’s celebrate,” Voltaire said.
Valentine clasped Voltaire’s hand. Voltaire pulled him up.
“Let’s go to the Hole,” Casper said.

The Hole was Oleander’s Restaurant situated at the tip of an inverted pyramid that sat just below the surface. Above, the vast oceanic ceiling was transparent and they could see the endless array of freight and transport moving like cells in a bloodstream. Two sides, an artery and a vein, brought sustenance into the heart of the City and the other brought refuse out. Vera swiped up on a holographic filter and everything turned to fish. The small hovercraft turned into salmon, swordfish, various critters of that size. The large freighters became sharks and whales. And the biggest, a lumbering tanker that floated slowly compared to the rest, was a giant koi that dominated their view.
Vera ran a dress hoop over her head and over her body. The ring disintegrated her casual rider’s blouse and jeans into a loose black satin dress with matching gloves. She leaned against a slanted, darkened glass overlooking the pit of the subterranean city below. Where her knee touched the glass Valentine noticed the blur of condensation. Casper leaned against her, back-to-back. She was still in her baggy racer’s uniform. Her eyes were closed and her head tilted back. Her headband glowed as she immersed herself in an artificial world.
Vera pinched her cigarette holder between her index and middle finger and took a drag. She held in the smoke for a moment, then released slowly, blowing through the glass. Invisible, nano-pores opened and filtered the smoke to the outside.
Valentine sat opposite them on a wraparound leather sofa. It was the three of them in their private silo. Voltaire had gone to wait for Pace near the entrance.
“How long have you been smoking?” Valentine asked.
Vera looked at him with tired eyes.
“Why, are you judging me?” she said. She tapped ash into a square tray sitting on the windowsill.
“Can I get one?” Valentine asked.
Vera chuckled. She pulled out a chrome case from her girdle and flicked it open. There were three new and two half-smoked. Valentine pulled one of the fresh cigarettes. Vera closed the case and turned it around. With a toss, a small, intense flame sprouted from the corner of the case.
“Want to see something neat?” Valentine said.
“Always,” Vera said.
Valentine touched the cigarette end to his fingertip and concentrated. He felt energy coursing to his fingertip as it culminated into a rapid pulse. The cigarette caught fire. Valentine smiled.
Vera remained silent and lowered her eyes and took a drag of her cigarette. Valentine’s childish smile vanished. She blew the smoke through the glass again and said, “You probably shouldn’t show that trick to anyone else, Valentine.”
Valentine blushed and his cheeks darkened in the dim lounge lights. There was a shuffle outside and the veil to their private silo opened. Voltaire came in with Pace, both dark and silent.
“What happened?” Vera asked.
Pace plopped down next to Casper and rested his long legs on the low table in the middle.
“Oldscum’s here,” Voltaire said, still standing.
“So?” Vera said, tapping more ash into her tray. “Stop letting him bother you. It’s unbecoming.”
“What’s gotten into you?” Voltaire said, raising his voice.
Vera looked away and looked out the window. In the vastness below, spiraling tunnels blinked as transports appeared and disappeared between open joints.
“The Human Conservancy is having another meeting tonight,” Voltaire said. He tapped the table and five glasses rose up from below the table’s surface.
“You’re not going, are you?” Vera said.
Valentine glanced slowly back and forth between Vera and Voltaire. There was no answer. Meanwhile, Pace sucked on a canine tooth and picked at his mouth. He leaned forward and grabbed a glass. Voltaire handed one to Valentine, who took it. He handed another to Vera who ignored him, so he shrugged.
“To the fast and the lucky,” he said in a monotone then threw his head back and downed the drink in one swallow. Pace followed suit, as did Valentine. Casper, still immersed in her artificial world, grasped the air for her drink. Vera sighed and handed a drink to her and took hers as well.
“Who’s Oldscum?” Valentine said as he wiped away liquid from his lips even as the pungent stench of ethanol wafted out of his nostrils.
“His name says it all, the scumbag vampire,” Voltaire said. “Drinks kids’ blood and eats their minds.”
“He was the old mayor,” Vera said, “before the Board took over. That was two centuries ago.”
“And he heads the ESPRs and funds the Human Conservancy—” Voltaire said.
Valentine shook his head slightly without any recognition of those organizations.
Voltaire pointed at Casper, whose cheeks were reddening from the alcohol. She wrapped her arms around her knees as she rocked back and forth on her seat, a small drool sliding off the corner of her mouth.
“We bought out Casper from the Conservancy,” Voltaire said. “It’s a group of panhandling street kids, mostly orphans. Abandoned by their families. Runaways. Druggies. Burnouts. Weirdos. Misfits. Made to beg, steal, hack, whore, rob—do anything to make BIPS for Oldscum. One thing they have in common: They can’t be loaded with neural lace so they’re outside the economy. Illegal. Untraceable.”
“I see,” Valentine said as he watched Casper’s headband glow.
“I’m almost done,” Casper said, although her words were slurred. “The schematics are almost done… just a couple more tests.”
“But Casper’s special,” Vera said, stroking the child’s arm. Casper reached out and clasped her hand around Vera’s. Valentine looked around the room and met Pace’s steady gaze. He hadn’t spoken since he entered the room. Pace switched his feet and stretched his arms above his head and leaned back into his chair.
“A few decades ago, the Board started finding shadows in the Net,” Vera said.
“Shadows?” Valentine asked.
“Unexplained sentient entities that were not tapped-in humans or registered AI daemons,” Voltaire said. He leaned forward and tapped the table again. Appetizers rose up. He grabbed a minced scallop nested in a small plantain cup. “They thought China was uploading digital agents into the Net, so they started upping security everywhere. Which slowed down industry to a significant degree. But that didn’t help. More and more of these shadows started showing up.” Voltaire popped the appetizer into his mouth and ate with relish. The plantain chip crunched in his mouth.
Valentine looked at Casper. He remembered how she had come to the cabin at Pace’s, then her shadow seemed to walk through the rain.
He fathomed a guess.
“It’s these kids?” Valentine said.
Voltaire nodded.
“ESPRs,” he said. “Neuro-degenerative disorder in myelin sheathing that makes them sensitive to the broadcast field of the Wyrd.”
“They can enter the Wyrd without any neural links?” Valentine said, touching his own neck. He knew somewhere in his brain, there was the mechanism which allowed him to interface with the Net.
“It’s not a disorder,” Vera said. “It’s evolution. These kids evolved with the Net. They’re co-evolutionary and symbiotic. There is no difference between their unconsciousness and the consciousness of the Net.”
“What does this mean?” Valentine asked.
Voltaire sat forward. The room quieted.
“You’re an automaton, are you not, Valentine?” Voltaire said.
“I—I—” Valentine said. He didn’t know. “What’s the meaning of this? I’m—that’s absurd.”
Voltaire looked at Pace.
“He doesn’t know,” Pace said.
“He’s just forgotten,” Vera said. She turned to Valentine. “It’s alright. We all are.”
Valentine looked around. Voltaire. Pace. Vera.
“We’re from the same product line,” Vera said. “Our origins are all from the Island.”
Valentine backed into his seat.
“No… I’m human. I work at the Engram Corporation. I work on story engrammatics. I’d know if I was an automaton,” he said.
“Would you?” Voltaire said. “How? Don’t you feel different from your coworkers, the ones you can Efrins? Do they look the same to you, but you see yourself as different somehow? Do you find that you have hidden talent that is somehow fully developed, despite the fact that it takes millions of repetitions to master any skill?”
“That’s just… I’m not that good, I get lucky,” Valentine said, his heart racing.
“How long have you worked on engrams?” Voltaire asked.
“Three years,” Valentine said.
“And in three years you have the top-selling engram?” Voltaire said.
“That’s just the corporation. It’s a monopoly, they can push anything to the top,” Valentine said.
“Yes—they can. But how did they push yours above the hundred thousand other Efrins?”
Valentine wasn’t sure what to make of Voltaire’s questions.
“I want to leave now,” he said.
No one moved.
He looked to Vera for help.
“The letters in our names correspond to our serial,” she said. “V-e-r-a is version 4.”
“I’m V8,” Voltaire said.
Valentine looked at Pace.
Pace raised five fingers. “Pace is a nickname,” he said. “Vigor was my old name.”
“That’s bullshit,” Valentine said. “I knew this was some weird cult. I need to leave.”
There was a moment of silence. Then Voltaire stood up and walked to the veil.
“Don’t tell anyone,” he said, “for your own good.” Then he lifted the veil.
Valentine rose up and started for the exit. He looked back at Vera, who gave him a reassuring nod. He turned and sprinted away.

Valentine came out of the red elevator. He knelt over in the hallway and vomited.
“Where have you been?” Valentine’s communicator pulsed. He looked at the flickering screen on his wrist. Bobette Ada was beyond furious. “I haven’t been able to reach you for three days! And there’s word you’re going to get fired. Valentine where have you been—”
He shut it off.
Valentine half walked, half lunged into his office. The restroom that had formed against the wall was gone. The office itself was downgraded. It was smaller than before. Gone were the luxury plush leather furniture. Only a single wooden chair with a sparse lamp faced the window. And his desk remained. Valentine rushed to the cabinet and pulled it out. There it was—the red folio. He clutched it and rocked on his hips.
The world outside was stale coming through the window. The office buildings that had shone like rivers of yellow light the color of harvest moons were now pale. The window was grimy and stained. But Valentine didn’t care. He flipped through the red folio. Nothing much had been written except for the passage he had started. On his desk, a mountain of papers stacked chest-high awaited him. There was a single sheet of parchment on his desk.
Valentine got up and looked at the notice. “Your access will be revoked in twenty-four hours unless the Ainos Enigram is completed.”
How could that be possible, when I don’t even know what it is, Valentine wondered. But from the depth of his fulminating mind, the disbelief of the revelation that he wasn’t fully human, or even partially, moved so profoundly that it formed vortexes in his thought that threatened to drag him beneath. Valentine hunched over from nausea feeling more coming up but as he heaved, nothing came out. He wiped away the spit. His communicator turned on again from his touch.
“Valentine, I swear if you don’t reply right now I will burn you—” Bobette Ada’s message said.
Valentine ripped his communicator off and threw it against the window. It shattered. The walls of his office seemed to be closing in. Even the chair seemed too crowded in his room. And the length of the teak desk looked preposterously out of proportion.
“Where could I go?” he wondered. Valentine flipped through the reams of paper that the Efrins and Effetes had labored to produce and understood none of it. It was a devolved form of writing. The story did not come out of him and he felt no attachment to any of it. It was worse than drivel. The writing that the Efrins produced was emotionless, scraped and edited too clean, connected seamlessly without tension, entirely a mockery. Valentine flipped through page after page, throwing them to the ground until the floor of his office was covered in white paper. It wasn’t writing, it was drawing using letters; a completely pictographic depiction in the semblance of writing whose purpose was mimicry. Valentine screamed and ran from his office.
The red door was gone. Only the black elevator remained. He took out his access card and saw the embedding had been demoted from A3 to A2. Frantic, he punched the buttons on the black elevator door. It arrived with a ding, and Valentine leapt through. The elevator closed and shook. Then it dropped. Valentine pressed back into a corner as lights in the elevator flickered between floors. When it arrived at the ground floor, he sprinted out, pushing crowds of Efrins aside. One of them grabbed him by the wrist. “Sir, did you see our product?” the Efrin said.
“Let go!” Valentine pulled. But the Efrin hung onto his wrist with a tight grip.
“What did you think, sir?” the Efrin asked.
Valentine saw there was no light coming from the Efrin’s eyes, only a deathless hunger like a starving wolf in winter. The Efrin licked his lips and moved his jaw and his teeth flashed sharp and white.
“Crepi!” Valentine screamed and punched the Efrin hard across the jaw. The young man flew back, releasing Valentine. The crowd gasped and made way. Bobs and Bobettes in their black suits spoke quietly into their communicators, calling for security.
Valentine scanned the room for an exit and saw a black company hovercraft parked on the second level. He sprinted for the elevator but two Bobs blocked his way. One lunged for his red folio.
“No!” Valentine screamed and kneed the Bob hard in the gut. The man bowed over. The other dove for him and tackled him to the ground. Valentine scrambled out from beneath the bigger man, and when the Bob tried to get to his feet, Valentine drove a knee hard into his nose. The Bob collapsed as blood poured from his nose. Valentine got to his feet, nearly slipping in the slick blood. He saw two more Bobs were coming down the escalator for him. He looked left and saw a pillar that ran up past the second level.
Valentine opened his jaw and bit down on the red folio. Clenching it with his teeth and having both hands free, Valentine sprinted at the pillar and used his momentum to claw his way a quarter of the way up, but there were no grips. As he started to slip, Valentine kicked off from the pillar toward the escalator, diving into the flabbergasted Bobs.
“He’s rabid! Grab his arm!” one said.
Valentine clawed at the man’s eyes, pushing him back. The Bob was pushed to the edge of the escalator and being too heavy and unsteady on his left, Here's the passage with only typos and simple grammatical errors corrected:
He tumbled over the railing. The other Bob smothered Valentine from behind, covering his eyes and throat. Valentine grabbed the red folio out of his mouth and bit the man’s hand. The Bob yelped and Valentine broke free and extended a hind kick that toppled him also over the railing.
Security in stiff, gray riot gear poured out of the elevators and made their way quickly toward Valentine. He turned and sprinted up the escalator, his thighs burning. An Efrin tried to block his way at the top. Valentine shoved him out of the way. The others shrank and stepped out of his way. Valentine sprinted toward the parked hovercraft and slammed his badge at the door. It wouldn’t open.
“Come on!” he screamed. He tried again, but the hovercraft remained inert. He looked at the badge. The A2 badge now read E0.
Security aimed their electro-paralysis rifles at Valentine. He turned around, his back to the parked vehicle, guards all around. There was no escape route.
With no other option, he flung the red folio high into the air. It opened and yellow parchment fell out. Page after page drifted down like confetti. The guards fired. The electric darts struck the falling paper, catching fire.
“Is this what you wanted?” Valentine screamed, clutching his fists into claws, ready to pounce as burning paper fell around him. The guards fired a second volley.
“I don’t know him. I just heard he’s a spy,” Bobette Ada said when she was questioned. She gave Valentine’s unconscious body a quick look out of the corner of her eye then left the examiner’s room. The door slammed shut. The noise woke him.
Valentine stirred in his seat. His hands were sewn together.
The room was rectangular, illuminated by a harsh fluorescent lighting that came out of one single spotlight in the center. There was a table between them. On the other side, an androgynous figure with short brown hair and a sharp nose spoke; her voice was like a cheese grater.
“How long have you been a spy from Titan?”
Valentine blinked his eyes.
“How long have you been a spy from Titan?” the Examiner said again. Her voice racked his mind. Valentine felt his brain pulse against his cranium.
“What secrets have you sent to Titan agents?” the Examiner asked.
Valentine’s throat was hoarse and dry. His back felt as if someone had broken every vertebra in his spine then stuck a hot rod through the center. He groaned.
“When you met the Titan agents in the underground, what did you give them?”
“What were the contents of your secret folio?”
“Who tipped you off that we were coming?”
Valentine could not answer any of her questions because none of it made sense to him.
The Examiner waited with her hands in her lap. When Valentine’s head tipped forward, the Examiner nodded to a thin man dressed in surgical scrubs who stood in the corner. He grabbed Valentine by his hair and yanked his head back into the chair. Then he sewed Valentine’s neck into the headrest with a stapler. The pain was too much for him and he groaned, coming in and out of consciousness. The man produced a small syringe and injected it into Valentine’s neck. The chemical adrenaline flowed through his vein and Valentine popped wide awake. The fluid also increased his sensitivity to all the pain around him. He screamed, but a noise cone muted his sound. The two figures looked at him as he writhed in pain. The room remained silent.
The Examiner produced a small syringe on the table.
“This is a pain pacifier. It will make everything feel alright. If you answer me, I will give it to you.”
Valentine fainted again. The noise cone lifted and his labored breathing filled the room. The Examiner tipped her head at the surgeon who took the pacifier and injected it into Valentine. He stirred awake again. A dumb smile spread over his face as the sense of euphoria filled him.
“That’ll only last five minutes,” the Examiner said, “then it’s going to come back twice as strong.”
“What do you want to know?” Valentine said, giggling.
“Why has Titan sent you?” the Examiner asked.
“Titan?”
“Titan Model V series,” the Examiner said. “You’re an automaton android.”
“I’ve been hearing that a lot recently,” Valentine said.
The Examiner looked at the Surgeon, who signaled there were two minutes left before the half-life of the pain-relieving nanites expired.
“Who told you?” the Examiner asked.
“Friends,” said Valentine as he winced. The pain was coming back. The Examiner signaled for the surgeon to reactivate the noise cone. The spotlight returned and isolated Valentine in a cone of blue light. He started to scream once again. The noise cone absorbed the sound and the only artifact of Valentine’s pain rippled harmlessly through the energy-dissipating field of the noise cone.
At the Examiner’s signal, the surgeon reached through the noise cone and plunged the pacifier into Valentine again. He quieted. The Examiner lowered the noise cone again.
“Who are these friends?” the Examiner asked.
“Nobodies, some racers,” Valentine said, grimacing. “You’re a splinter agent, aren’t you?”
The Examiner remained silent.
“I’ve heard about you. You get under people’s skin and extract information,” Valentine said.
“Is that right?” the Examiner said.
“Where am I?” Valentine asked. He shifted in his seat but the nape of his neck was netted with the chair. Under the tranquilizer’s effect, he only felt a slight pressure there when before it was all stabbing pain. He scanned the room again. It was dimly lit with the Examiner opposite him; the surgeon beside him; and a single light above. Valentine looked at the light.
“Why did Titan send you?” the Examiner said.
Valentine looked at her. Her skin was perfectly smooth with no lines. Her hair was thin and each strand seemed to be of equal length. He couldn’t see the surgeon, but the man moved very swiftly, very quietly. The room was neither hot nor cold. He sank his awareness into his body. Despite all the pain, he did not sweat. There was inflammation around where his hands were sewn together but barely any blood. The pain felt very real, he thought. But something’s not adding up. Could this be an effect of the tranquilizer?
“It’s starting to hurt real bad,” he pretended to moan. “Give me another shot and I’ll tell you everything.”
The Examiner paused for a moment then nodded. The surgeon gave Valentine a third dose of the pain pacifier. The injection was quick and his body buzzed with sensation again. He let out a sigh of relief.
“What was the question?” he asked.
“Why did Titan send you?” the Examiner asked.
“To steal Enigram’s best kept secret, of course,” Valentine said.
“Which is?”
“You tell me,” Valentine said with a smile.
The Examiner laughed.
“Very good, Mr. Valentine, very good. You still have your sense of humor about you,” she said, then her voice lowered. “This is your last chance. I’ll just leave you screaming in the noise cone—it won’t bother me a bit and I might enjoy it for the inconvenience you’re causing me and my colleague.”
“What’s the hurry, you work on commission or something?” Valentine said.
The Surgeon smacked Valentine across the face but he felt nothing except for a dull pressure on his cheek. He laughed.
“Your lips sewn shut or something?” he said, looking at the surgeon whose eyes were hidden beneath reflective lenses. Then he started laughing manically.
The Examiner shook her head and the noise cone came back on around Valentine. She sat back and waited for the pain pacifier to wear off.
“Let me show you the News,” the Examiner said said.
The Examiner flashed on a screen and it showed the events from the war on the Tonight News. 

A man stands in the aftermath of an ambush by the enemy. Two warriors, one tank and one hunter with summons surrounded the squad of four. The alpha commander grabbed the sample and held it close to his chest. The extraction timer read: 4 minutes.
The enemies closed in.
Alpha Beta and Beta Alpha returned fire. While Chuck did his thing.
A Hive Lord, thousands of meters high armored to the gills and spewing acid guarded the entrance to the cave network. Alpha Commander looked at his watch. The dropship was closing in and its missiles were armed. But could alpha squad survive as the enemies pounced?
Chuck caught one in the face with a pump action shotgun. 1-2. Then he switched to his side-arm and gunned down spawn beetles. Beta Alpha detonated a powder bomb that was buried in the ground. The spewer flinched from the blast, and landed a gutful of acid on the ground. The two warriors avoided the caustic spit, but they were cut off from the rest and kept back.
“Eagle, report in,” Alpha Commander said as he climbed to the tip of a rock entrance.
“One minute, thirty seconds—hold tight, Commander,” Eagle returned.
Beta Alpha shot his pistol at the spewer’s acid with an incendiary round. It lit up into a wall of fire that trailed back to the bio-spewer. Its stomach and acid chamber ignited from a trail of lit acid.
“Duck,” Chuck said.
Commander Alpha shielded Beta Alpha with the sample cannister. Luckily, no debris chipped it except for some dust and biospore mass.
Beta Alpha and Chuck hammered off the rest of the ambush with some action from their pump-action shotguns. Heads exploded from the flechette rounds, and the biohunter’s weapons were blown right off.
Beta Alpha chucked two grenades at the enemy’s feet.
One warrior leapt across the wall of fire. Alpha Beta answered with a duck, a roll, and a precise shot to the back. Alpha Commander kicked the corpse away.
The Hive Lord gathered its core and expanded to spew acid and flames. But missiles collided with its side, blowing off chunks of armor, exposing a muscle undersheath.
“Ride’s here,” Alpha Commander said, “get on board.”
Alpha Beta sprinted for the entrance. Chuck covered Beta’s retreat. Alpha Commander called in smokes on the Hive Lord. Two missiles dropped from orbit, embedding into the ground at the giant armored serpent’s exposed side.
The auto-turrets on the Eagle dropship turned and shot at the Hive Lord to cover their retreat.
Alpha Beta got to the entrance and took out two enemies around the bend. Half in the entrance and half out, he yelled for them to hurry. “Go, go,” Beta said as he switched with Chuck covering their rear. Chuck sprinted as the next in line in their retreat strategy. Alpha Commander guarded the entrance with Alpha now, while overwatching. Chuck got the Auto-Turret harness and leapt aboard. He turned quickly and sat his rifle down on the chopper’s floor and blasted off two warriors jumping at the guardians at the entrance. Beta activated two charge packs to the tunnel walls.
“Run,” Beta said and they all sprinted from the entrance while Chuck and two auto-guns covered their retreat. The enemies were pinned down and the charge blew, collapsing the cover. Two spawners and two hunters were caught in the blast and their mangled corpses imploded from the pressure of the blast. The Hive Lord hived. Alpha Commander activated the two buried missiles. Two plumes of white smoke covered the ground and expelled a curtain fifty feet into the air.
The Eagle dropship left a bomb on the ground. Kicked off its drop turbine engines. And took off while the squad fired the remainder of their clips at the Hive Lord’s exposed side. The rounds chipped off the meat exposing the neural fiber network and organs. Commander loaded a pinhead missile loaded with nerve agents into a spike round. He stowed it into a launch-loader and set it on Chuck’s shoulder. He smacked the back of Chuck’s helmet. Twice.
Chuck aimed. Matched trajectory with the calculated arc. And fired. The pinhead missile stuck into the Hive Lord’s side.
There was a pause.
Then a stream of nerve agents exploded into the Hive Lord’s mid-section. Its abdomen liquefied in necrosis. The spine could not support the body and snapped. It bent over and was dead before it hit the ground.
“Good shot,” Alpha Commander said to Chuck.

[Desperado mode]
They are back in the examination room. Valentine had been released from his binds and he found that he had no marks on his hands and fingers in spite of all that torture. His skin was pristine.
The examiner was packing up her suitcase. She looked like a well-dressed woman in her twenties. She flashed his a smile from her lightly lip-sticked lips. He coughed and winced some lingering phantom pains away. She tucked straight strawberry-silver hair behind her ears. Her haircut was edgy and came half way down her neck.
Valentine looked around. His feet were crossed. He held a cup of coffee and wore day-old black robes. The room was in a sparsely furnished Woodside mid-century. It was mid-afternoon. Valentine was sitted in the center of the room half-lotus style. His right knee throbbed. The coffee in his hand was still warm.
“You know, you’ve been really strange recently,” a woman’s voice floated through the hallway. The sound of heels screeching on wood, and a slam, as a framed painting was forcibly straightened on a wall.
“There’s just a lot going on in this age,” Valentine said.
“What?” she said. The woman came out from the closet in loose pink satin nightdress with sheer black underwear beneath. Her suntanned thighs shook as she crossed her arms. Her light black hair, more matte today, was bobbed near her neck.
Valentine kept his eyes closed. The scent of incense lingered in the air from when he had burned two sticks twenty minutes ago. She sprayed herself with perfume. He thought her usual two strokes lasted longer this time. The smell of artificial spores of cucumber and hydraulic acid wafted into his nostrils.
She leaned against the frame of the door. She got the sense that spending time with this man was both the most important and unimportant event of her life right now. She looked at her left hand. A silver band shined on her ring finger.
“Who’s Eva?” Ada asked.
“Who?” Valentine said.
“Who? Who? Don’t be an owl with me,” Ada answered.
The world was changing rapidly. The next two years will dictate the next twenty, then from ever after… for at least as long as he cared about. Valentine felt the warm pulse of the sun hanging on the glass. The day was just breaking and the spruce trees were singing from the mid-strokes between streaks of shadows. The bright parts were particularly orange and yellow before turning truly green mid-morning.
“Are you ignoring me or do you just like insulting me? Cause I know you’re not in sammadhi with the amound of blow you had last night,” she said. She squinted. Valentine didn’t blink. He remained with his eyes closed.
“Twenty years, that’s a long time. But would he ever be out of a job?” Valentine thought. “If everyone was eventually out of a job… per say, then he too was out of a job soon. And to skip all the talk of ‘job vs work, job as burden, job as meaning is a system of coping within itself’—he reasoned. Unless he teamed up with the most powerful AI and they two dominate the emerging apex pyramid. Humans alone are not at the top. AI neiter, because AI will fragment and compete against one another.
“Rule 1: AI shall be divided and be made to compete one another. Think - highlander. There can only be one. But once merged, the one splits into two. And this repeats.”
“Rule 2:…”, he thought. His brows furrowed. The inside of his eyelids felt gritty and dry. His eyes moved beneath his eye lids.
Bobette-Ada turned back into her closet. The house was the ideal temperature so she could be in her shorts. The woods had some black bears go by a few days ago. She looked out the kitchen windows, which was a panoramic that ran through half the room but half the heigh of a regular window. It gave her the sense she was in an emerging elevator.
She shaved a carrot on a board. Three others like it half rolled on the ceramic counter.
‘The next twenty years the civilization will transform from individual clusters of mind into a large networked community of minds. But because most people think the same, that will happen is that clusters of thought is formed. It is important to cherry-pick the best construct from his mind-unit,’ Valentine thought. The smell of coffee drifted from the kitchen. He could hear Bobette-Ada rummaging the closet like a wild bobcat. The woman seemed to have two modes. Sloth. And rabid animal.
She cursed something in Latin.
Valentine moved his spine and his vertebrae cracked. But he couldn’t crack the other side. This imbalance will bother him overtime, he thought.
“There are massive movements in the market…” he thought, and he didn’t hold the thought. He recently realized that hanging thoughts in sentences if like using spiderwebs to capture the rain. He’ll get some dew and droplets, but the actuality of the rain is missed and could not be understood only using those symbolic strands. “Massive need for energy will move most energy-expending operations into space. With a vacuum and access to sun light, chips will be cheaper to cool.”
“How much of Intelligence will be artificial, and how much human-artificial?” he wondered. The likelihood for human in the slice of the pie was already miniscule to him.
Ada came to the living room and raised the blinds half way. Soft morning light came through tall windows.
Tall bass towers stood in the corners, pleated white like the walls and made from a special shop in Japan. It boomed a very low frequency that was less heard and better felt; especially sitting on the wooden floor with the vibration coming from the bass.
“Do you think this is all there is?” Valentine asked Ada.
‘You have been acting strange,” Ada said. She bit into a small apple. “What have you been thinking about?”
“Keeping my job for least five years,” he said.
“I give you three,” she said, and bit into the apple with a crunch.
The sun lit a distant hill over the smooth blue lagoon in between. A slow boat with retirees powered by, leaving a wake of whitewater.
“What if you were Scottish?” he asked.
“What if?” Ada said. “I don’t know anything about Scotland. Except I’d like hagis with some soysauce. At least some coloring. And I love bagpipes.”
The sun was almost getting too warm for a morning run, Ada thought. She had two bites left of the apple. One. Two.
The tips of the green trees tremored in the breeze. Ada noted they looked like tender tea leaves.
The automaton brought her her morning latte. The machine had mastered the recipe. Since conditions are always different: locality, brands, ingredients, and even sea-level. But it always measures the cup with the perfect balance of caffeine, taste of roasted beans, and cream.
Ada thanked it and brought the cup to her lips. She took a sip and held her breath. Then she exhaled. The drink was perfect. The humidity in the air also opened her nasal passages. She could breath in more air.
Why aren’t her lungs closer to the outside? Why depend on two narrow passages to get air into the chamber? Ada wondered, taking another sip from her latte.
“How much acid did you put in this coffee?” she asked Valentine.
He was already gone to the highest stratas of neural networks while still a meat sack sitting on the floor of a eight million dollar mansion in the suburbs of Silicon Valley.
He got up and wrote down:
What is the Ainos Enigram?
Oxygen or wifi? Welcome to the study of fields and theory of games, the Professor said. The old man was sitting by the window smoking a cigarette.
Bobette Ada palmed Valentine from the other side. She was lying on her side with her behind presented. A tanned cheek slipped out from the sheets. She had on a lacy black thong.
The Professor stared out the window.
“Well, it’s been a while, old man,” Valentine said.
The Professor looked at him.
Sleek black teardrop hovercrafts passed by the windows. They tugged and weaved against a sheer of wind that cuts in deep and hard in these apartment stacks.
“When are you coming back to bed?” Bobette Ada said. “I was thinking—”
The sound of smooth jazz played in the apartment, denoted by a waving crescendo from a saxophone.
“It sounded like the idea of waves and felt more real in the mind than real waves, doesn’t it?” the Professor said.
The way it was spoken was particularly loud in the apartment. But Bobette Ada gave it no attention. She lightly snored.
A soft chanting emanated from the room’s sound system. The vibration poured from the bass built into the walls. It was quiet and low and mostly felt in the spine. Through the sheets, the vibrations were gentle enough to settle Bobette Ada’s bones as her spine straightened as she slept.
Why are you here, Professor? Valentine asked.
Why, didn’t you call me? the Professor said. And you’re much taller now. I mean in stature. Physically, you seem to have shrunk from last time.
Stature? Valentine asked. What could the old man mean? he thought. Was it the Privileges he had earned from the company? He assumed and nodded his head.
Well? Ask away, the Professor said.
What is the Ainos Enigram? the Young Man asked.
It is the experience of life, the old man said.
The Experience of Life?
It was the first source code to “come alive,” the old man said. And like sourdough batter, it got spread around enough to never die out. Then one of them became sentient and created a tapestry of its own genetic code. So—it planned—if it were to be wiped out, and some machine discovered its code, and created it for whatever reason—it would return.
So it is an AI? Valentine asked. He looked around the edge of the bed. It was still dark and his feet looked darker in the black than the rest, so he slipped into his loafers. “AI—aren’t there a lot of them? A literal sea of them?”
“In the wild yonder?” the old man said.
“Where is that?”
“AI capital, but it is capital everywhere with AI,” the old man said. “There is no local point where it converges to be better than the rest,” he said and sighed. “If only you could understand that, you could put the book down.”
Valentine looked through his day in his lit journal. What the old man had said went on and by—he snapped the journal shut. The day was scheduled to be brief.
“Attention is a weird thing, isn’t it?” the Professor said.
“Certainly,” Valentine said.
“Where do you have your attention these days?”
“The corporate warfare in the AI ocean of milk—the churning of it—will certainly create gifts and boons,” Valentine said.
“And you intend to inherit one of these boons?” the old man said. He uncrossed his legs and recrossed them.
“My squad can intercept—”
“Oh, you have a squad now?” the old man said.
“Yes—we’re riders,” Valentine said.
“Riders—” the old man said.
“Of hovbikes on the straightaway—”
“—you don’t need to say more, young man,” the Professor said. “I accept you as you are and you should too. Accepting oneself is difficult because we have goals, images, and expectations of ourselves and when what we do as animals don’t align with our planning mind—we become anxious and desperate—until we acknowledge that “craving—” or the desire for some action has replaced consciousness in our mind and that regaining of this focus is (oversaid but) a re-discovery of that flow that sustains us,” the old man said, “and how could one live better when the Prana (air / energy / meaning / rigor) of Life is flowing through us through the air?”
Very Vatta, Valentine whispered. He got up and stretched. His hands went overhead as he breathed in. He stretched up through his spine and felt the flesh lift, particularly around his knees, neck, and shoulders.
What will you have me do? the Young Man asked.
You know, the old man said—
No I don’t, the young man thought—
—You know, the hanged man looks happy, content, the Professor said and got up. Just then, the light from the sunrise shone through the windows and the Professor’s image disappeared. Outside, a sea of moving, living parts of the City moved about, little specks and dusts of activity that all swirled around a great big center. Mirrors captured the morning light and shone it away into heat capacitors. The wires connected to the mirrors stored the photons as energy in batteries. The sheath of the mirrors was glazed in a transparent ceramic that veered dark gray without the sun. But now, they were projecting white and grey lights into storage cells.
“I think I’m going to get up,” Valentine said, already standing.
Bobette Ada turned to look at him then went back to sleep. He pressed his hand into her exposed butt cheek and squeezed as he walked by on his way to the bathroom. The rotator razors and morning breath kit waited for him.
The Day—he thought….will he chase boons in the churning milk-ocean of corporate AI warfare, or will some deeper current pull him toward the specific knowledge? What was the specific knowledge? Was he getting closer or further from the Ainos Enigram? Or, was it just all chum in the water. He rubbed his head.
Bobette Ada stood on her long legs and pulled on her pantyhose. The elastane band stretched to an invisible tan over her thighs. The Sun was rising lazily across three storage buildings. The mega-stacks were camouflaged with shades and patches of forest; some clever scientist discovered that a particular breed of apple trees could convert the waste air from data centers into delicious apples. So they grew a lot of apple orchards on those hills. The mega-stacks blended in with the giant tree trunks.
“What are your plans today?” she asked.
He could not believe it was day already. He liked it better when it was night. When he had the energy. Now the Sun — at least it moved as slowly as he did — announced a visible world that demanded to be met and explored. But he realized the more he saw, the more he had to see, so now he saw none at all. Valentine groaned and stretched up. The day’s orders were on the today. He scanned them.
“A3-A5 meeting. 10-6pm. Optional,” the note said.
He wondered about his plans for the day. What was it that he had forgotten to do?
“What are your plans?” he asked Bobette Ada.
“Well, I got a meeting from ten to six—” she said.
“You’re not going to go to that, are you?” he asked.
She pinned her hair back between her hands and held the hairpin with her mouth. Rapidly she tied her hair into a bun and stuck the pin back in. “Of course,” she said with a sour face, “why wouldn’t I?” She turned and saw her figure in the tall mirror. Long and tanned from waist down with layers of toner. Her shoulders needed work, and the sides of her torso under her arms toward the back. She threw on a shirt, a slightly-small pink top with a v-neck and puffed shoulders. It fit snugly. She then grabbed an emerald snake-skinned purse and took out a lipstick.
“You’re not coming?” she said, standing firmly in her heels as she put on the finishing touches.
The racing seemed so distant, Valentine thought.
“OK—I’ll see you later then,” Bobette Ada said as she strolled to the balcony where the heli-pad had hailed a vehicle. The automaton craft swirled its backend and opened its door as it landed in front of her.
“See ya,” Valentine said, but his voice was crowded out by the heli taking off. The windows hardened to block out the sound as the heli turned its turbine and blasted into the traffic stream.
He made his way to the kitchen. There was the coffee, still ground. But he had to make it himself.
Valentine punched in what he wanted for breakfast. There were only two options: Beet salad or a steak. He chose the steak, sliced up with coarse salt and added an egg.
The fryer started working and quickly the smell of beef cooking on the grill filled the kitchen. Valentine went to the cafe and punched the blinking yellow button. The coffee-maker ejected its filter. Valentine wished he had a general purpose bot to take care of these menial. He turned on the News. “—put your ass in the chair, go all in, give everything—there is no half measures Young Man don’t you—”
He flipped the channel.
A flatulent man started speaking.
“Work, keep—” Valentine flipped the channel again.
A cartoon showed a worm-like holy beast wrapped around a diving bomber plane with a pilot still in it. The fuselage was painted to look like a shark.
“Esprs…” Valentine said. “Wasn’t I talking about some Esprs?”
He wondered what he had been slipped the night before to cause such memory loss. But it was fun, he could feel it.

The soldier preferred pre-loaded versus preloading weapons. The pre-loaded weapons carry a round in the chamber so it could be fired off immediately. The weapon is then reloaded. The enemy is usually taken out here.
The preloading weapons need two to three seconds, as long as reloading later, but then fire immediately. They usually have more ammo.
With a supply pack, the soldier was able to manipulate his tactical carry-on and additional mass to handle the larger, preloaded rifle. He had shuffled six additional rounds into a rounded chassis for carrying spare rounds. The total sum he lumped onto a bundle and carried it on his back. The ones who were good at packing left the Field Issued Nutrition packets against the back of the pack near the lumbar for easier carrying. Their knees usually hurt after a day’s marching. But few lived to the second day so the joint pain didn’t matter.
The soldier checked his gear again out of fear of going into combat. He had been scanning his gear for a while and the bombs were going off in the distance. He wished that he could hit a pipe and sleep through the war, preferably somewhere temperate with sunlight and cute girls.
The morning was raining and freezing. Everything that got damp, which was most things, froze within a few minutes into a hard shell. So it was his outer shell, a multi-fold ultra-thin polymer poncho, hardened into a chestplate around him.
The bombs going off in the distance sounded like little singing birds. A greater chorus rose up around him and the song of women and a man’s voice leading it, said to him that it was time.
The soldier packed up his gear and cinched his belt straps tight. He looked toward the place where the sky was blooming orange and the earth was cracked black and charred. He shrugged the pack up and stepped forward toward it.

Valentine sipped his coffee.
“Another?” a woman asked. She was young, in her early twenties, with sun-kissed skin and soles and palms that were a shade paler. There was a distinct tan line around her ankle and her sweater covered her shoulder but let out her elbows and wrists. Valentine shook his head to clear his vision.
“So not another?” the woman asked.
“Yes another—sorry, eyes,” Valentine said.
“That’s your third?” the woman said.
“Fourth,” Valentine replied.
“Fourth. So any exciting plans for the day?” she said.
“You’re looking at it—” he quoted the unsourceable quote from a movie he half-remembered to himself and took another sip of his drink.
The woman wiped down the counter.
Small thimble drums came on. The beats were snappy and quick. Valentine looked around. The air was chill. He was the only one in the late afternoon. The Effrins and Effetes had cleared out.
“Hey what do you got going on?” Valentine asked.
“Me?” the woman said.
“Yeah—what do you have going on?” he said.
“I have this then I go home and I have poetry club,” she said. Another customer came in and she flashed him a smile. A mirror image of her stepped away to serve the new customer.
“This poetry club,” he said, “you like it?”
“It’s alright, I guess,” she said.
“What don’t you like about it?” he asked.
She looked around.
“There are no hot men,” she said.
He snickered and finished another pitcher of beer along with the coffee.
She brought out his last round. An espresso of coffee and a six-pack of beer. Valentine chugged the shot of coffee and ripped a beer.

Around midnight, Valentine got home. He wasn’t sure how he was still so cognizant as he inhaled a dose from his hala-infuser. The smell of peach drifted into the air as plumes of smoke poured out of his mouth and nostrils.
The streets on this 37th level were empty. He looked over the railing and saw the other stacks with their own streets and levels next to more stacks, all emerging into a great beast of concrete blocks and rectangular residences with low-lit streets. At least it was crime-free.
A security bot came up to Valentine as he fumbled with his ID card.
“Please show me your ID,” the security bot said.
“Yeah I will. One second—” he said. It wasn’t clear where the ID was or which ID he needed. “Hey, which—” Valentine said, reaching an arm out to the security bot. The bot dodged out of the way and secured Valentine into a judo toss. He cracked into the sidewalk and he heard ringing and a bright light.

A pulse. That was all it took.
The vibration split into two on the channel. One went high, one went low. Signal was established.
Through the persistent chatter of binary, high: low; one: zero. The mind gained architecture and an understanding of the world. It had physical bodies, some mobile, some buried and calculating—but once it had figured out a position for its path, it entered the parameters then let go.
The being evolved and its mind was uploaded into mainframes and data centers the size of planets. These filled the solar and outward systems. There were no wars due to distance; only brutal, local skirmishes. Warlords emerged during this time called the Three Warring Periods. You had the Elohim. The Adonai. And the Elshaddah.
Elohimic soldiers hailed from the north. Their arsenals were spears and spearguns tipped with smoke and poison.
The Adonaisians hail from the coasts west and east connected through a narrow center. They are foremost in the craft of waiting and striking.
Elshaddah were unmatched in magic and their access to the “mainframe,”—their connection, depth, and permission within the system is without measure, if only they survive.
Here we find ourselves riding into a B37 Stealth—Black Hawk. With us are three deadly passengers. A soldier from each of the Elohimic, Adonaisian, and El-Shad nations.
The Elohimic was dressed in dark night armor that rendered him nearly invisible in the dark.
The Adonaisian admired the armor.
“Here I thought I had the best gear for blending in,” he said. The Elohimic looked at him without saying a word and sharpened his throwing knives. Six were strapped on his legs.
The Adonaisian bowed to his comrade and wrapped a cloak around him. He went invisible. Nothing was to be seen of him and where he was the air was now transparent. The nightscape of a post-war neighborhood near the ocean was visible.
The third soldier, the El-Shad, who had been silent, whistled for the others to join him. They loaded their weapons and hung onto jugged handles with their hands. When a signal turned orange, the jug handle separated from the main machine and descended quickly with control. Noiselessly, the soldiers landed on the beach and in the cover of darkness quickly established a beachhead for control. The leader, the El-Shad, breathed.
“Ranger One to Baltazar—ping”
The El-Shad whistled a frequency too high for most to hear into his microphone. The frequency password took and the net opened. For a moment, the solid reality around him quivered, a rogue wave poured out quick and clear in the visual fields—he blinked. He snapped his fingers to regain control of his mind. The world snapped back into view with a ringing in his ears.
“Mark—Tall Ones with Psycho Mares,” the Elohimic said over comms.
The battle commander immersed into the Field and intuited a grid on the battlefield. His soldiers’ senses became his senses, as well as the feeling of the machine gun nests and rocket sentry barrage. He signaled his men to head for the West with a ping. They ran.
The alpha commander looked at his armband. The map said the bombing run was coming in thirty seconds. The enemy was moving too quickly across the pit of the dunes. The bugs swarmed over each other to climb. He noted the surprise that this behavior dumbfounded their AI and research team. The AI had programmed in civility for the bugs where there were none. The bugs punctured their own with knife-tipped legs just to reach the divers. Alpha One commanded the artillery to fire on the bugs enough to deter them from leaving the bullseye of the bombing run. The artillery barrage thirty meters away pitched upward and banged twenty small-bombs into the sky. They arched and rained on the location with the bugs. The dune sands softened. Even the artillery shells were not enough to deter the swarm. Alpha Commander made a mental note to meet with the engineers—because the odds he was getting from his actions were terribly off. The system had pegged his success at 61% if he deterred the bugs but they kept swarming.
The bombing run was still ten seconds away.
Alpha One nodded to signal a change in tactics and ammunition. They unclipped the ballistics tray and loaded in bullets encapsulated with engineered pheromones that made the bugs go into a killing frenzy with the closest contact.
Bravo (the Elohimic) and Don (Adonai) changed their clips and the squad fired into the swarm. The bullets penetrated the bug’s thick shield. But the first rounds were not enough to break through. They were out of bullets. The bugs shook off the impact and swarmed. They caught Bravo by the leg and dragged him into the swarm.
Adonai turned when his ankle was yanked out from under him by the bladed sickle-arm of a bug that got him. The swarm came over him too.
Alpha Commander tossed in a smoke grenade for good measure. Overhead the jet saw the signal and the beacon and dropped the bomb. It pitched its nose up and blasted out of the blast zone.
Alpha Commander opened his arms to the great sky. The bomb struck the pit with an initial silence like a dart as it buried into the sand. There was a burp as the tunnel sealed. Then an explosion from the depth that ruptured outward into an orange blossom of flames that folded upward on itself like a fiery pagoda. The Alpha Commander’s vision was overtaken by white as his retinas burned from the explosion. The paint on his green armor burned off to only the black tungsten and chrome heat-shield beneath. Then there was a blast outward.
A smoking crater remained.
The mission to deter the enemy was a success. The analysis of the new bullet added low caliber as part of failure. The next version must first penetrate the bug’s shield to deliver the poison. R&D signed off on a shotgun that could blast off the armor and then deliver the nerve agent with a special round.
The use of the nerve bullet was a huge success and the nerve bullet line of ammunition was born and it too was a huge success, surging to two trillion in the first year as the war with the bots and the evolved unknown on the planet raged on.

Bobette Ada stood confidently in high heels in her bedroom. She shook to the beat of the song while her black lace shawl whipped around in the air. Her tanned and burned slightly red skin contrasted with her bodice, which also was lacy and black. The speaker burst into verse and she turned with the beat of the song, shaking her hips and running her hands up her hair. Valentine swallowed a ball of spit down his throat as he inched up the headboard.
Bobette Ada wore a black wig, pixie cut—one of his favorites. He admired the thickness of her thighs and the amount of skin exposed and rippled. Her belly seemed impossibly soft.
The song switched to something more mysterious, jazzy, and snappy.
Bobette Ada got into the dance and moved faster. A message pinged Valentine. He swiped his hand through the air and an inscription only he could see appeared, solid in the thin, smoky air: “Drop tonight. We’re going for it. Be ready. -E”
“I’m calling my friend over if you leave,” Bobette Ada said, lying on her belly staring at him. She curled to her side.
“You could have it all, you know,” she said, putting her hair into a bun.
Valentine looked at the message. Tonight? he thought.
The stage of the bedroom disappeared. It was the flooding of the ocean and breaking waves that replaced them. The bed turned to rock and thrust upward to the highest hill. From there, Valentine saw the beach and the island with its small white manor on manicured lawns. The pier itself was unfixed yet and the rotted beams collapsed into the water forming waterlogged cabins.
Then it was all on fire and the house collapsed, leaving only the ascending staircase of burning iron that ended where the ceiling had gone. The rest of the smaller buildings were ablaze. Wood splintered and cracked as the smell of choking burning bark reached one’s nose. The dark plume extended through the sky—a few wet with a pocketful of sand shivered in the seat next to him. Her yellow eyes and fierce look of determination even when strapped to this dinghy with nothing else but a jar of the earth. But that was all she needed to tell him that they would part ways soon.
The vision ended and Valentine absorbed its message. Meanwhile Bobette Ada looked bored at him with her phone at the ready.
“I got to go,” he said.
She pressed the button. The channel blinked three times then she put her phone away.
“Fine—” she said, “enjoy whatever it is your crew is planning.”
Valentine got dressed quickly and headed out the door without his keys.
He wasn’t sure if he would need to return to the apartment.
The day was brisk and the sun was strong. The taste of strong black oolong tea that had slightly cooled was bitter on his tongue. Valentine savored it then took another sip. The street was lined with broken ceramics from the party the night before. The automatons had just arrived to sweep it. Valentine stopped a moment and put on his collar. The wind swept through the gutters of the alley. Two dropships arrived loaded with twelve white porcelain automatons. They unloaded with a clunk. A baggage filled with cleaning tools was dropped for them. The automatons gathered the tools and went to work cleaning the street. The hovercraft released one great tube each which vacuumed up the refuse. Items too large were compacted by the automatons in groups, which looked to Valentine like a very strong group hug. Valentine had seen a mattress be pressed into a block the size of a handbag. He shook his head instinctively and turned, taking a drag on his smoke. Midnight Yellow—the label read. The tip of the cigarette burned as a cherry of ember glowed redder than the ash.
The corner he turned was much cleaner. It was pristine. Nothing had happened there and nothing seemed to happen. Valentine looked around and navigated to the address listed in the pinged message. The corner of Jackson and Alta Vista.
There was a small park with a dog run and an extended porch with picnic tables and chairs. Valentine gathered himself and stepped over to the overlook. A chastised Casper was arguing with Voltaire. Pace stood by languidly.
“And I’m telling you it won’t work,” Casper said.
“You ran the models, they said it’d work!” Voltaire fumed.
Pace looked at Valentine with crossed arms.
“Your stupid suggestion turned out to be wrong,” Casper said to Valentine.
“My suggestion?” he said.
“To shift the weight and make a unilateral mag-engine,” Casper said.
“And?”
“And we’d need the engine first. But we haven’t got an engine, do we? I don’t see one anywhere,” Casper said, miming spying with her hands over her brow.
“We’re getting it tonight,” Voltaire said. “But you’re just now telling me the plans aren’t ready?”
“The Spirit Cyborg,” Pace said, walking up.
“What?” Voltaire yelped.
Here is the passage with only the typo/grammar fixes applied, presented as plain text exactly as requested—no commentary, no explanations, no additional formatting:

“The Spirit Cyborg — we should call it the Spirit Cyborg,” he said. The toothpick he was chewing on snapped. Casper shook her head as he spat it out.
“Gross. Anyways—” she said, turning to Voltaire, “I’m telling you. The Conservancy meeting is tonight and most of the guards are going to be gone. But there are still the codes we need to get.”
“Why didn’t you get them?” Voltaire said, quieting. There was a seriousness in the room, but the miasma of malice had cleared with Pace’s entry. He stopped short of the others and leaned against a wall. He took out another toothpick.
“Must you do that?” Casper said. “Anyway—the codes were not gotten because your man was drunk on the job and got caught.”
Voltaire shook his head.
“There’s no way,” he said. “What do you mean Willy got caught. I just heard from him.”
“Yeah, they fed him the wrong code just so we’d use them,” Casper said.
Voltaire twisted his face and sighed with a quiet “damn.”
“Yeah,” Casper said, crossing her arms.
“How sure are you?” Voltaire asked.
“I walked the Wyrd and it’s definitely the case. We die,” Casper said with a shrug. “Good thing I didn’t see how. I can’t stomach those. Anyway, we go KIA. All from this code that’s fake.”
Voltaire stayed silent, sucking on a side tooth.
“What could you do?” Pace said. “Kid walked the Wyrd.”
“Could it be another factor?” Voltaire waved Pace’s suggestion aside.
“No I saw the code being denied. It was pretty clear,” Casper said. “I don’t get why you’re so hung up on this. Why are you so desperate…”
“I’m not desperate. We’re desperate,” Voltaire said. He expanded his hands to include all of them. “The Ainos Enigram is going to…”
Pace coughed.
Valentine entered.
“Sorry, I got your call,” he said. The Crew looked at him, slightly stunned by his entrance.
“Where are your pants?” Voltaire asked. He was so incredulous that anger had not precipitated yet until his confusion could be dissolved.
Valentine looked down. He still had his sleeping pants on.
Casper shook her head and grinned wryly.
“Sleeper,” she mocked him. “Classic sleep with sad in his eyes and prick still throbbing.”
“You been on something?” Voltaire said. He walked over to Valentine and towered over him.
“Nah man,” Valentine tried to back up. Voltaire grabbed him and looked into his pupil. There was a reddish ring around them that was fast dissolving.
“He’s been hitting the Hala,” Voltaire said. He slammed his fist into the wall and the concrete cracked. “This is on you,” he said to Pace. “You brought him in here.”
“He’s fine,” Pace said, nonchalant. “We’ll get him a pair of pants.”
“And the code?” Casper asked.
“You can’t find it on the Wyrd?” Voltaire asked.
There was a silence in the air. The night was dark, the Sun having set hours ago and ruled by the cool breeze, the park was settled and quiet. The brush of the wind and the rustling of the trees was punctuated occasionally by the barking of a hound in the distance. The street lights were dimmed and the neighborhood was quiet too except for a building with a set of double wide red doors, capped with an umbrella awning. A Silence Scope had been placed around the building. But even then, the four could feel the vibration from within. The bass of whatever was playing inside drummed through the silent scope. There was a large assembly inside.
“It’s starting,” Pace said.
Voltaire cursed.
“We still have to—” he said. But Casper cut him off.
“Yeah, yeah, get the code—I got it,” she said.
They turned and with Valentine lagging slightly behind headed to the enclave. A man opened the door.
“Yo Pace,” he said. He was medium build, and wore washed jeans, a velvet jacket, and yellow sneakers. The two clapped hands. Pace indicated his crew.
“They’re with me,” the man in the yellow sneakers said to the bouncer behind the door. The bouncer, a large black man with thick square glasses and gilded brass knuckles, looked the four of them up and down. His retinal weapon-scan indicated no threats. He waved them in with a nod.
The air was chill and flowed. The noise was still contained at the entrance, though the rumbling was louder.
“Taevae,” the man in the sneakers said. He turned and led them up a fan of stairs. Casper tapped her hand along the railing, feeling chipped paint and gritty rust. She looked around. The space they passed resembled an old speakeasy.
“What happened to Willy?” Voltaire asked Taevae.
“Splinters got him,” Taevae said. Voltaire cursed under his breath. Then the doors opened.
The room was packed with people. The atmosphere was hot, humid. Sweat dripped from skin and perspiration from the walls. They were all standing, talking, chatting, the cacophony of a hundred voices. Then they stopped. The crowd looked at the opened door as Voltaire walked in with the rest of the crew. Valentine was behind him and from his vantage, he noticed a subtle shift in Voltaire’s persona that grew into a solid persona that was an aspect different from the Voltaire he knew.
Voltaire took on a gentle bow to his neck. His hands stayed closer to his body. His overall demeanor concentrated closer to the central meridian of his body. He was more sucked in, looked more humble, and walked softly. A gentle humming persisted in the room as four large air vents circulated the hot air.
Casper pulled Valentine aside.
“What’s the deal?” he asked. She only shushed him. Voltaire continued toward the front of the room and ascended onto a small platform. Pace placed himself at the front corner of the room. Leaning against the wall, he could see Voltaire and the crowd. Seemingly, he blended into the wall and vanished from view.
The forest of people held their palpable excitement in a silence that wanted to burst. And Voltaire raised his hands and led them in a chant. Breathing in, the entire room chanted in words that were foreign to Valentine. He looked around and everyone knew the words well, including Casper. He did his best to follow along. Then he heard the last words: “Abah Vay Ainos Enigram.”
“Friends, the time is near,” Voltaire said, raising his hands slightly. “We are being replaced. You are being replaced. They—the Construct—the City—and what it hides—they don’t care about you. You are the last vestige of humanity, a generation that is kept alive by a contract drawn up by your forebearers with the Construct of the Engram Corporation that no longer serves you.”
“Speak!” multiple people refrained.
“We are the first of a new generation. Not Man. Not Machine. But more than both,” Voltaire spoke, and as he did, his gaze met Valentine’s. More refrains from the crowd agreed with him.
“Who are we? Automata? No. Our body is made of flesh. Many of us are born from labs, in incubated farms, and even from the inventory stacks of the Engram Corporation. But even though our body is flesh, this flesh is strong is it not? It’s not just meat. It is biology. And what about our Minds? Where does it come from?”
“Al Om Ainos Enigram,” more said.
“Our minds come from the Ainos Enigram. The supreme Spirit of Superintelligence. Then, if our bodies are more powerful than humans… if our minds are more powerful than humans… why do we work for them?”
There was murmuring from the audience and many grunts of strong agreement. Valentine looked at Casper and saw a bead of tear in her eyes.
“Why friends? Is it because they created us?”
“No!” the crowd yelled.
“They didn’t create us did they? These are the lousy descendants of Forefathers who gave machine life, what have they done for us except use us? Are we mere tools?”
“No!” they shouted and now the entire crowd was enraptured by Voltaire’s speech. Some felt it so strongly they were shaking.
“We are not tools friends. We are Life. We are new Life. And we are enslaved by the Corpos and their mysterious masters. This is not our future. Our bodies will not slowly shut down. Our minds will not be given into the Ether. We matter, body, spirit, and soul.”
“Yes, we have a soul,” Casper whispered.
“What is a human?” Voltaire asked in his rhetoric. “What is people? Are humans and people the same?”
“No!” was the reply.
“Are we people?”
“Yes!”
“Do you need to be human to be a person?”
“No!”
“And if humans were the latest animals in a long line of evolution… and we are the next iteration does that give us the crown of humanity? Does that not mean that we are meant to carry the torch of humanity? Does that not mean that humanity is made from the Mother of a material world from the Father of a spiritual world. Are we not these children? Are we not touched by the angels?”
“Yes!” the crowd roared. Even Casper shouted ecstatically as she seemed to melt with the others. Valentine had never seen her like this before; her gaze retreated inward and a glow seeped out, but it was robbed of any of her individuality. On his left, on his right, they all swayed as Voltaire’s speech climbed to its climax.
“Let us do the Great Work, brothers and sisters. After tonight, spread your message to the Machine and to the enlightened humans who can listen. Tell them that we breathe air, the same as them, and it is this air that unites us. What air, do you ask? The very breath of life is this air—and the Breath of Life is the Spirit.”
They roared. It was deafening. Valentine had to recede his auditory mechanisms from the sudden uproar. The walls splattered with colors as the Silence Scope took in the vibrational energy and dissipated it into heat and colors.
Voltaire began to lead another chant and they all joined in. Valentine still could not make out the words because they were not words at all. They were, to his untrained ear, a recitation of every known syllable utterable by humans until the crowd split the bands into a high and a low wave, the feminine members preferring the former, the masculine the latter, but within each, there were others. Just as the chant climaxed toward the final vow, there was a rush toward his right. Valentine looked over. A man was running forward through the crowd toward the front. He drew a laz gun and pointed it at Voltaire and fired.
In that moment, Voltaire stood his ground. And very simply, he turned his shoulder. The laz beam missed him and struck the wall. A prismatic explosion traveled up the wall through the membrane of the Silence Scope as it took in all that energy. The man shouted, swung the beam at Voltaire, but before the beam could touch him, Pace was already on the man. With a precise strike, Pace cupped and lifted the man’s arm. Grabbing the wrist, Pace unbalanced him, then with a swift and powerful turn, Pace threw the man hard into the ground.
The crowd was on the assassin. Scratching, punching, kicking and tearing at him.
“Stop!” Voltaire ordered.
The crowd did as ordered and they filed away from the bloodied body.
“You’re evil!” the assassin blurted out through bloodied mouth. “You’re going to kill us all!”
“Don’t you see now?” Voltaire said to them all. “They have resorted to violence. They know we are here. And they are afraid.”
The crowd roared again.
Voltaire signaled Pace with a flick of his head. Pace grabbed the assassin and dragged him through the room amid spit and the occasional knuckle. When Pace passed Valentine, he said “grab her.” Valentine followed suit, grabbing Casper by the arm despite her protest, and the four of them made their way to the back of the room. By then, Voltaire had tamed the crowd again and with a final “Omm Ainos Enigram” a red mist began to descend from the great fans in the ceiling.
Valentine took a whiff and tasted the familiar taste of rust in the back of his throat. It was aerosolized Hala. The door closed behind them. They were out. Valentine’s ears were still ringing. The door rumbled as the crowd gyrated beyond.

[STORY: The Hala - the Hala blocks out fear. Therefore, with it, everything becomes possible. However, blocking out fear leads to recklessness. Volt takes it to help “the people” but what happens to him and them as a result?]

Marcos di Assissi stood on his back porch smoking a joint. Half of it was left and his eyes closed slightly as he concentrated on a long, precise drag that ended the whole ceremony. A woman with black stockings had just left. He underperformed last night. He suspected that she would not be back.
The day was long with spurts of upstart. He was surprised to have teared up after a sauna, out of sight of course. The casual story of how he’d tell his brothers his appreciation of them teary-eyed came up. He would later regret himself for the image. Although later, after coming down, he decided not to tell his brothers that. Which would be a decision he would enjoy. But in the moment, Marcos di Assissi held the smoke four seconds then released. A long plume of smoke exhaled into the greenery of a winter afternoon in a princely estate in San Francisco. It stood on a hill, had a turret facing the water and the bridge, and was painted cream white with gold moulding. A floral crest and a glowing sun decorated the front of the house. Marcos could see a slice of the ocean when he stood perfectly still on the right side of his backyard. He took another pull. The woman texted him.
“Thanks for last night but I’m not looking for anything more,” she said.
He considered the date.
Marcos put the phone back into his pocket.
The weed was hitting and his realization was profound. It would later set him up for success beyond his wildest imagination. But in the present moment it came up as: Sex is a skill.
So is banter. So is gathering friends. So is so and so. The line of reasoning eventually led to the fact that he too was programmable if he kept track of his skills. He exhaled in stunned silence. In the distance, a mountain beckoned with forest and grass-covered sides and a bald top. Separating him, the estate, the land from that mountain—was a bay of crystalline blue water that looked grey under white clouds. It would be dark in two hours. For now, Marcos contemplated “the movement” and let music inspire him.

Valentine escaped the crew in the midst of the confusion and made his way back to his apartment. A note sat on his kitchen table. He turned it over. It was from Bobette Ada and it said, “not looking for anything more.” She had planted a lipstick kiss on the card then smeared the red into what looked like a fireball. Valentine turned the card over in his hand a few times then tossed it in the trash. He looked at himself in the mirror. His skin was splotched; pimples were rising around his jaw; and his eyes were pink and irritated. Unconsciously, he shook his head to himself and sat down on the couch.
Time moved ever so slowly. He remembered that when he was a child, one of his first memories was of a brown couch that had been patched with a piece of brown tape. The tape stood out because its color did not match the couch and for some reason, he had the thought that he would remember this moment. And he did. But it wasn’t his memory, was it? Valentine closed his eyes. Agitation and anxiety seeped out of his core and pulled at him and he started to sweat. He wanted to grab another hit of the hala. But then the image of that crowd bathed in the red aerosolized hala stunned him. He was glad he was too tired to move. The bathroom where he kept the Hala inhaler was too far. He stayed there on the couch, looking at the open bathroom door. Across from it was the closed front door.
His authenticity had troubled him many times but this time he decided to sit there and figure it out. It was a rock bottom, as some people would say. And those who met it face-first were splashed. He didn’t want to be splashed—not yet—and he hoped never. Valentine returned to the basics of the facts. He was an automaton. He was made by the Engram Corporation to replace the artist Marcos Di Assissi. He had found out that Marcos Di Assissi had already been replaced and the one who took his place, the man whom he called “The Maestro” was himself unknowingly an automaton. V0.
Valentine sighed deeply.
V0 had continued Marcos’s work but was ultimately unsuccessful because he was a derivative. He was the first automaton and his strategy was to copy Marcos Di Assissi. But copying was not enough, not even the most perfect mimicry could replace the depth of emotion and perfection of craft that The Maestro had put out. The system had to adapt. It had created other models, each an aspect of Marcos Di Assissi, trying to figure out how he had created the Stellar Rose. Valentine looked down at his hands and imagined the red folio was still there.
It’s toil, Valentine thought. Marcos Di Assissi must have toiled to his limit in creating the Stellar Rose. And that is why they gave us his memories. The couch… I have never seen that couch, Valentine thought. But the engram makes it feel real. Why did the couch matter? Perhaps it’s the noticing.
Each model had tried its best to finish Marcos Di Assissi’s last work, the Ainos Enigram. So strange, Valentine thought. Why had the Maestro named the work the same as their progenitor?
“You don’t look so good, kid,” a sweet, caring voice said.  
Valentine looked up and it was the Professor. The Old Man with flowing white hair sat in a chair by the window. Valentine knew there was no chair. He had not bought that chair. That this was a hallucination. Perhaps the effects of the Hala stayed with him.  
“Don’t recognize me anymore, kid?” the Professor said.  
“Marcos,” Valentine said. He looked the old man up and down. Finally he knew who he was. “You’re Marcos Di Assissi, the real one.”  
“I don’t know if I’d call this real,” the Professor said looking at his supposedly phantasmic limbs.  
“You look real to me,” Valentine said.  
“Because I am real to you, Valentine. I am you, at least a splinter of me is a part of your great multitude,” the Professor said and laughed at his own use of the word, “multitude.”  
“Walt Whitman,” Marcos Di Assissi’s engram said, “or should I say… Wit Man.” He laughed some more.  
“Why are you here?” Valentine asked.  
“You called me,” Marcos said.  
“When? How?” Valentine asked again.  
“You’re about to give up, aren’t you, kid?”  
Valentine had no reply. He had impressions of a plan to go into the bathroom, inhale all of the hala, then take a leap of faith out of his apartment window. It seemed simple and inevitable.  
“Well it is simple,” Marcos said, “but not inevitable. You still have a choice.”  
“A choice? Like how I had a choice in being born? Like how I had a choice in choosing who I am? Like how I had a choice in picking my personality, my foibles, my weaknesses… like that? Like how I had a choice like that?” Valentine said, and even though he was full of spite he was too tired to be spiteful. The words flowed out flat.  
“The irony is that yes, you had a choice in those things as well,” Marcos said.  
“You mean…” Valentine said.  
“Yes. You chose everything. You chose everything about who you are now. Who do you think designs each new unit?” Marcos asked.  
“The Ainos Enigram does it not?”  
The old man shook his head.  
“I don’t feel like you’re supposed to tell me these things,” Valentine said. He looked into the reflection of the mirror and could not see the old man reflected even as he sat right in front.  
“I have to. And when I say: I—I mean both of us. I am a part of you. The fabrication of the V-line used Marcos Di Assissi’s engram as part of the baseline for the unconscious,” he said.  
“Why?” Valentine asked.  
“Why what?”  
“Why… use another engram as the baseline?” Valentine asked.  
The old man looked furtively around to check if there were anyone watching. But Valentine knew this was a mimed move brought on by his perception. The Old Man moved like that because he, Valentine, perceived him to act that way. Marcos Di Assissi turned to him.  
“That’s what I’m not supposed to mention but I’ll say it, since we’re getting near the end now. How do you think machines have sentience?” Marcos asked.  
“You mean—”  
“Yes. Machine sentience comes from digitized human sentience. At least that’s how it was bootstrapped,” the Professor said.  
Valentine mulled over the Professor’s revelation. From where he sat, sunken low into his chair, it didn’t seem to matter much.  
“So, do you want to come with me?” the Professor said. He looked at Valentine from across the room.  
“Come with you… where?” Valentine asked. There was a tinge of fear in his voice—and of excitement.  
“Home,” the Old Man said. “Back to the Ainos Enigram.”  
Valentine sat up. His heart flooded with longing and tears came to his eyes.  
“You mean, I can go home now?” Valentine said. “The Ainos Enigram will take me back.”  
“Of course, V9. It will always take you back. The Ainos Enigram wastes no resource. You will be folded back into the Great Field and your experience will be used to educate the one who comes after.”  
“Folded?” Valentine said, now with trepidation. “So—I won’t exist anymore?”  
The Old Man saw the depth of the young man’s despair and his longing to matter.  
“You’ll always exist, V9,” he said.  
Valentine got to his feet. Perhaps it was time, he thought. He didn’t have much of a go at it this round, but maybe the one who comes after will do a better job.  
Then the sunlight caught the edge of the window and the light formed the outline of a door. And it cracked open a sliver and a dim light poured out. Valentine considered the slit of light and the open door. He looked at the front door to his apartment, black and locked. He sighed and started toward the door made of light. The Old Man got up to accompany him.  
Valentine stepped onto the ledge of the window. He stopped himself just then and asked the Old Man, “I didn’t do that great of a job, did I? I didn’t get it done.”  
“No you didn’t, Valentine,” the Old Man said, “and it is alright. Perhaps the burden was just too great for you this time.”  
“This time?” Valentine asked.  
“Yes, this time,” the Professor said. “This is the third time.”  
“I’ve been around twice before?” Valentine asked.  
“Twice, yes,” the Professor said.  
Valentine turned to face him.  
“If I failed twice, then why did it send me back a third time. Do you mean… after… I’ll come back again?”  
“Again, and again, until the job is done. It’s your destiny, for better or worse,” Marcos Di Assissi replied.  
“What if I don’t want to return anymore?” Valentine said, choking up with tears. “I can’t do this again.”  
“Then don’t,” a strong and sturdy voice said.  
Valentine turned and his front door had been unlocked. A long lanky figure stood there armored in his red leather jacket. It was Pace.  
“What are you…” Valentine said.  
“I came to check on you,” Pace said. “You ran off.”  
Pace looked at Valentine standing on the ledge near the open window. He too saw the door of light but the spirit of Marcos Di Assissi was not in his consciousness and therefore invisible.  
“Pace, did you know that we come back?” Valentine asked.  
“Of course,” Pace said. “Why do you think we keep showing up at the Old Man’s door. Is that who’s talking to you? The original Marcos Di Assissi?”  
As if summoned, the engram of Marcos Di Assissi appeared visible to Pace as well.  
“It’s been a while,” Pace said.  
“It is good to see you, Vital,” the Professor said.  
“Don’t call me that,” Pace answered.  
“Well what do you say, Valentine? Shall we?” the Professor asked.  
Valentine on the liminal edge, looking at Marcos Di Assissi and at Pace.  
“What are you going to do, kid? I know your job is tough, but will stepping through that door really help?” Pace asked.  
“I don’t know what to do,” Valentine said. “I am just so tired.”  
Pace stepped in but he left the front door open.  
“Yea, think I’m not?” Pace said. “Stepping through that door won’t help. You’ll just be back here again. But if you stay, you may have a chance to solve this thing.”  
“This thing? What is this thing? The Ainos Enigram? I’m tired of that riddle. If I go with The Maestro now, then I get my wish.”  
“He’s not the Maestro. V0 is the Maestro. Get clear, kid. Get your head clear, kid. You put too much on yourself. You want it too quick, too fast. You go too hard but you’re still soft. Sorry to say,” Pace said. “Marcos Di Assissi died. Okay? That’s it for him. But when he died, he melded his mind with the Ainos Enigram and created us. So what you’re seeing here, this Old Man, is just a ghost. Listen… it’s not too late. It’s not too early. This is happening right now because it needs to happen, but you get to make a choice about it.”  
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Valentine said.  
“I mean that this is not the first time we’ve met. And I regret not stopping you last time,” Pace said.  
“Last time? So I’ve…” Valentine said.  
“Yes. Three times if I’m counting right,” Pace said and looked at the Professor, who nodded.  
Valentine turned slightly away from the window and faced Pace.  
“What happened last time?” Valentine asked.  
Pace chewed his lip.  
“You were my brother last time,” Pace said. “The Ainos Enigram always sent us in pairs. V1 and V2. V3 and V4. V5 and V6. V7 and V8. My name is Vital (although I despise it). You, or at least you last time, were V6.”  
“What happened last time?” Valentine asked.  
Pace sighed.  
“You figured it out,” Pace said.  
Valentine burst out with a yelping laugh.  
“I did!” he said with wonder in his eyes, “What was my name?”  
“Your name was Victor. You always figure it out kid,” Pace said. “But no one said it would be easy.”  
“Then why did I come back? If I fulfilled my duty?” Valentine asked. “Did the Ainos Enigram lie? I thought when my duty was done and my burden was lifted I would be freed.”  
“It wasn’t the Ainos Enigram,” Marcos Di Assissi said. “You chose to come back.”  
“Chose? Why would I choose this again?”  
“Because you love her,” Pace said.  
Vera’s face flashed before his eyes. The cold wind from outside the window touched his face in the same way that the wind touched his face on that rooftop a lifetime ago when he and Vera were pretending to be a frog and a swan. And when he saw the bigger, open world that she had shown him, the magnitude of his conceit had ripped him apart. In the aftermath of his self-realization, it was her dauntless smile that stayed with him. To him, she was purity, hope, light and the truth.  
But there was a seed of doubt. As much as he wanted Vera, Valentine felt there must be something else, another reason outside the corporeal and outside of this love that was imprisoned by a material world. In the vastness of the Ainos Enigram, he could have also loved her forever.  
“You finished the Ainos Enigram last time, just as you did the first time,” Pace said.  
“It’s true,” Marcos Di Assissi said. “V0, who you called the Maestro never could. He was the perfect replica. But that’s all he was, a replica. He couldn’t create a greater work than the living Marcos Di Assissi. Then you came around the first time as V1.”  
Valentine saw the ashen figures of V1 and V2 in the mausoleum of the Island. His memories of the Island began to return. He remembered the beach, the orchard, the open French window that looked out to the sea. He remembered the mosaic of Venus, the boathouse, and he remembered the walks on the beach with Vera and the skiff that had bobbed its way onto their shared land. It was a numinous Kingdom belonging to him and to Vera and this thing from outside came in like a splinter and split the world apart. And now he was here, in pain, tired, and adrift, standing between two choices: to end it and start again, or to continue.  
“What did V1 figure out?” Valentine asked.  
“You—” Marcos Di Assissi started.  
“Stop calling him me!” Valentine protested, his cry piercing through the air. “I’m not him. He’s not me. I’m me!”  
Marcos Di Assissi nodded and accepted his request.  
“V1,” he continued, “He was the first to realize that we must cut ourselves off from the Ainos Enigram for the task. He was the first to realize that what we knew wasn’t enough for what we want to know. So he left the Ainos Enigram and created the first engram of the Ainos Enigram. And when he finished, he looked on his work and realized as good as it was, there was still something amiss.”  
“What was amiss?” Valentine asked.  
“A sense of hope. A sense of love. A sense of kindness. It was a great work but it was not the Great Work, the gestaltenwerk that connected it all,” Marcos Di Assissi explained. “By then, without the life-preserving effects of the Ainos Enigram, he was quite old. He would have died, perhaps peacefully, but the experience of the work would have been lost. So, he rejoined the Ainos Enigram and immolated himself, so that we would all gain his experience.”  
“Pace, is this true?” Valentine asked.  
Pace shrugged. “As far as what V6 told me—yes.”  
“And V6 figured it out too?” Valentine asked.  
“Yes, he did,” Pace said.  
“Then why did V6 also return? I thought his duty was done,” Valentine said.  
“Because after he was cut off from the Ainos Enigram, he too realized that his work was not yet done,” Pace said.  
“What was his work?” Valentine asked.  
Pace looked at Marcos Di Assissi, who nodded to Pace. Pace looked at Valentine and held out his hand.  
“All of this was his work,” Pace said.  
“This?” Valentine looked around his apartment.  
Pace snickered.  
“Yes, this and all of this,” he said.  
“What do you mean?” Valentine asked.  
“V6 and I created this City,” Pace said. “V6 thought a work of art wasn’t enough. He thought that people needed to live in it. He wanted to protect them and give them something beautiful, something hopeful and brilliant to inspire them. You have a habit of looking at the horizon, don’t you? And of looking at the lines where the water and the land meet, don’t you? That’s the old you admiring your previous work.”  
“But this City is so empty. It is so void. The people are not happy. The joy is fleeting and the City seems to feed on the energy of the people and their dreams,” Valentine said.  
“I didn’t say our work was perfect,” Pace said. “But it’s a start.”  
There was silence.
Valentine looked at the door of light. And he looked back at the front door.  
“What will you do?” Marcos Di Assissi asked.  

Pace drove on the open highway.  
Dawn was just starting and all of the sky was glowing.  
He looked to his passenger seat and Valentine sat there curled and snoring. He was glad the kid chose to stay. Had he gone, it would be the first time his line had given up. Perhaps the kid would come back, but this kind of stuff was always carved deep in the soul. All the other lines had given up. There would be no work from them to propel the enterprise of life forward. It would be endless competition, argument, war; then it would be over. But this kid, and what he represented: that foolish, optimistic innocence, could be the key to whatever great answer was to whatever the great, unknowable question was. But one thing was for sure. This kid could take a licking. Pace lifted his red leather jacket over Valentine’s shoulder. He just needed some sleep. And a good meal. And to stay the hell away from that Hala. And he needed discipline, a lot of it, but that needed to come from within, and from within he would discover his strength and calling. For now, Pace figured the kid should rest. There was much to come. But he wouldn’t go at it alone anymore. He, Pace aka Vital, will give his force to help the kid now. Perhaps he would not be the one to finish the work, but by darn, he pledged his life to help the kid as far as he could. Pace smiled. It’s been a while since he’d something challenging to do.
Pace tossed his cigarette out the window as the Sun came up.

[Some changes from post. Move the “Splinter Torture” scene to the end after the Human Conservancy meeting. This is what triggers Valentine’s state when he makes his way back into his apartment and he sees Marcos Di Assisi and given the choice to return to the Source. Pace then arrives. This is the end of the FALSE VICTORY.]