“Feelings change, that’s the thing—” he said. “Sensations change. Even traumatic event could become comedy after long enough time has passed. Our minds create stories. These stories are mental simulations of a possible future; The invocation of these stories in our minds causes bodily sensations and a “gut feeling.” And we have learned to trust this “gut”,” Marcos said, “but after our stomachs are sated, our minds are still running amok. What is a Mind to do that has become too powerful for its shelter?”
He struck a minor C and F-sharp chord. Pace winced.
The longed-leged Pace stretched out on the couch and let his vertebrae decompress. He let out a long, satisfying sigh. Meanwhile, Marcos continued his chord progression down the black keys.
Pace sat up.
“Have you heard of the Human Conservatory?” he said.
Marcos tapped faster before letting up on the keys. He held the pedal so the note held and slowly faded.
Marcos stroked his newly grown beard. After two days of “brainstorming at the castle,” his stubbles had grown into a respectable beard. He was surprised himself at how some new hairs had came in and filled out bald spots. His beard, which had grown out like whiskers on a catfish, now grew more evenly and noble-looking.
“Human?” Marcos said. He gathered his quick-tab and searched up “human conservancy.” His quick-tab pulled up mentions to the term in his memory. It came up twice. Once, when he had overheard it in a coffee shop but paid it no mind. And the second time, he had passed a sign peddler on the street but ignored the sign.
The text on it had read: “Save humans.”
Then in smaller letters: “The Human Conservancy.”
“Those street scammers?” Marcos asked, “the kind that uses guilt and pity to harrass you?”
“Yes! Precisely, them” Pace said.
“What about them?”
“My buddy told me the craziest story about someone he knew who worked there.” Pace said. He grabbed two tennis balls off of the bookshelf and started juggling them. [Where are they? Marcos’s pad. L3]
“Open the blinds,” Marcos ordered.
The robot-servants grabbed the corner of the thirty foot drape and opened the curtains, revealing the ceiling-height bay windows. The Sun was softly coming over the waters. Crisp fog and morning lights made the boats on the water look like toys in a bathtub. The San Francisco bay water swung and chopped. White foam sprayed and clung to the pillars of the dock. With his heightened senses, Pace could almost hear those bubbles pop. A ball fumbled but Pace caught it and continued the juggling act.
“Coffee?” A robo-servant entered with a tray. Its face was decorated with a thin mustache that looked comical on the rest of its mannequin-like body.
Marcos snapped his fingers with authority and the robo-servant rushed to serve him. Pace threw the ball higher and higher. He arched his back further and further accordingly until his chest was pointed at the ceiling.
“What is the use of that skill?” Marcos asked.
The balls sailed twenty feet into the air alternating in fancier tossing patterns.
“Why aren’t you looking at something more interesting?” Pace said. He was shaking trying to maintain his bowed back. The balls almost reached the ceiling. One went too high, richocheting off the bent corner of the ceiling and smashing down into the mirror hung above the mantle. The glass cracked and the frame slipped off the wall onto the mantle, where it balanced long enough to give Marcos false hope, then fell and shattered on the floor.
Marcos yelped and cursed. Pace shrugged. Two robo-servants non-chalantly proceeded to the area with brushes and vacuums.
“Would you pick up after yourself!” Marcos yelled. He smashed the keys on the keyboard. A cacophonous chord rang out. The two robo-servants, equinamous as monks, went about cleaning the mess in orderly business.
Sheepish and hunch-backed, Pace stepped out of the robots’ way. His arms hung at his side, more gangly and awkward than usual.
“Could I help?” Pace asked.
 The robots continued in silence. They picked up large pieces of glass then combed the carpet with their fingers for splinters as absorbed as apes picking at ticks.
Pace stepped over the kneeling robots and returned to the coach. He sat upright this time. The movements of the robots unnerved him.
“What do you think they’re thinking about,” Pace asked.
“Nothing,” Marcos replied.
“They must be thinking about something,” Pace said. He looked at the robots, bent and working meticulously in a square pattern.
“If by thinking you mean day-dreaming, they’re certainly not doing that. It’s all algorithms,” Marcos said.
“I know it’s algorithms. But how do you know they don’t day-dream? Do you think they’re enlightened?” Pace asked. The robots had finished combing the carpet. Their fingertips reflected as little bits of glasses stuck to them. Without any vocal communication, one robot touched the other’s hand, stripping it of any glass, then released the glass into a garbage bag. The other grabbed the vaccum, and with several great, big strokes, sucked up the area. It strapped the vaccum to its side—and without skipping a beat— hauled the mirror frame away with the other robot.
“Where’s it going?” Pace asked, twisting in his coach to follow the robots.
Marcos meanwhile had found sudden inspiration and a simple but elusive melody poured out from his keyboard. The song matched the rhythm of the robots. He was immersed in his own world and the apartment had faded away.
“I think they’re enlightened,” Pace said. “They’re not thinking about anything. Such concentration! You know I met a guy who’s been meditating for thirty years and you know what he told me? ‘Concentrating for ten minutes is still a challenge,’ are you hearing me?”
Marcos had not. The melody had grown in intensity. Marcos looked at the keys without blinking, his focus on the spaces between the keys and somewhere beyond. His sight entered his interior and in his imagination, he was walking through a very beautiful, very thorny maze. The music continued, and so did Pace.
