The Woman on the Dune

Vermillion dust blew off the dunetop… skirts of red, orange, and yellow flared and whirled according to the shape of the wind. Aharah scrambled to the top of the dune, her wrist, thin and brittle as dried blackbrush, sank into the pliant sand. Once, theses had been mountains.
She dragged her feet up. One more step, one more hold, one more… She reached the top and looked down on the valley below. Dust. Hard pans of clay. More dust. The world was as wide and as vast as it ever was and something wider and more vast enveloped it. Here at the world’s edge between land and sky—between life and death—she could almost touch that intangible threshold… but the firmament slipped from her fingers, delicate and ephemeral as silk put to water.
The suns came up.
Aharah held her breath at glory of the twin sunrise. Red. Pink. Gold. The world blushed in waking.


Aharah looked down: red; her red scarf also moved with the wind, she felt the push and the pull. She saluted the sun with her arms outstretched. She bent her back. She looked up at the sky and it looked down to her and for that instant, they spoke to each other.
Daughter, the Sky said to her, Why are you here again?
She wondered the same. She pondered the question. She had no answer. Aharah sighed. What will the day hold? She felt the trepidation of the unknown. The answer coulbe be out there in the vast wide openess. Perhaps the answer is only out there in the unbounded freedom of the Wilderness, of which, the desert is a part.
For forty-four days, she had traveled the desert. For forty-four days, she had climbed across dunes. Why that number of days and this dune, she did not know, except guided by a feeling. There was something here, she felt, something here, in the same space, the same time, but a different plane. The thing that was there she could not see, she could not smell, nor taste, nor could she feel it on her skin except for the wind that acted as emissary. She felt it in her gut. Her stomach lurched and nausea passed through her briefly. She cleansed herself with a thorough round of breath. Around her waist was a sash. Tucked away in the sash was a sword. She unsheathed it and held it up, the blade gleamed in the air as if it collected the power of not only one, but twin, suns. The blade gleamed and glowed and she felt the metal through the hilt. She looked at the guard, a simple oval made from the hardest and lightest of metal. The blade bent. She was surprised. The metal was not supposed to bend but it bent like a desert reed. Did the sword also dance with the wind?
[Make this more consistent—does she skate on a sword in the very beginning? Is this skill acquired later? If so, what does she skate down on so we can set up the pattern?]
Aharah looked down the dune, the slope fell away like an immense wave sliding all the way to the ground. Forty days, she thought, for forty days, she had made the climb guided by an internal compass that she had not yet given her full trust even though it was part of her---was her---was the best part of her. When the winds quieted and her mind too she disappeared. Aharah was gone. There was no her. There was no apprentice to the sword saint. What was there? She asked. There was power there, a deep and vast power that came from the core of the planet and the core of the sun, from the ferocity of the wind, from the immensity of the sand, and from a hidden chamber in her heart that burned. Aharah felt the day was different. This day was different. Her stomach rumbled. When was the last time she had eaten food? It was a family of desert beetles. For water, she could go to the oasis. But there was no food for her in the desert except for a family of beetles that she had downed, and even that scant meal was beyond her measure of time. She had to keep on, she felt---she had to keep moving, keep goading herself forward, not to spite or punish herself but to live. Because, she felt, if she stopped she would not start again. The blade glimmered and like a mirage twisted and turned, yet with a single gaze from her, it became honed. She took in a deep breath, set the blade into the sand. Its edge slid into the sand. Her right foot stepped onto the blunt edge of the blade. She hooked her left foot around the hilt. And she trusted. She leaned forward and Aharah, a figure in sweeping fabrics of red, flung herself over the dune, riding on the blade down the mountain of sand. Wind rushed past her. Roar filled her ears. Yet, she only heard the suction of air entering her lungs and the relief of exhalation. She was falling, a part of gravity, and as fast as she fell, the ground beneath met her. She spread her arms, pitched forward, pulling the hilt with her front foot, pushing down blade with her back foot, finding a balance and harmony in the contrast of tension. The suns shone on her. She closed her eyes. She felt the warmth on her skin. She pitched forward, and skated downward. Her thoughts vanished. She smiled. For the sacred moment from the top to the bottom, Aharah didn't exist. Nothing existed but resistance and gravity. She was flying.

[Editing one paragraph at a time — STOP TAG]

Forty days. Forty nights.
Aharah reached the bottom of the dune and came to a sliding stop. The heft of the dao had sunk deep into the sand. She stepped off and looked back. A fine scar showed on the sand where she had carved through. Then the wind came. The sand replenished itself. The scar was gone. The dune's surface was smooth again as if she had not been through. She flicked the blade with a foot and caught it mid-air and with a smooth motion stowed it around her waist, bound by the sash. She started walking. The pad of her foot was sore from the ride. She kept walking. Her arms were so thin. Her legs too. Her throat was parched and she wanted to quench her thirst. A Tagata had returned, her master said, "Your training is finished, go and find the True Wind."
"Where is he? Or she? This Tagata?" An enlightened being who came and went like the wind. Where did she find this soul? Aharah reached the bottom of the next dune. She looked up and saw only shadow. The suns were hidden behind the dune's great height. At least it was shade, she thought. She tugged sleeves to tighten them; her pant leg too. The compression helped. She felt less alone. How poor and cowardly am I, she thought. She climbed. One hand in front of the other, one foot in front of the other. She was like a beetle burrowing upward. She clenched her fist and the loose stuff slipped through her fingers. But, in her palm, for a moment, a solid formed. That clump crumbled. Her hand moved forward, the opposite leg followed. She scrambled. The sands slid from beneath her and fell away. Aharah lunged forward but the packed sand dissolved to a river of particulates and carried her down to the bottom of the dune.
Aharah rose, barely able to hold herself. Her vision became double. Her lips were so dry they had split into segments. Her feet were bleeding. Her nails had been worn through. Through wobbling knees, she stayed on her feet. She unsheathed her dao and planted it into the ground. She knew she could not fall. She could not take a knee. If she took a rest now the journey would end. Perhaps I should let it, she thought. Perhaps, I am not the one for this, she thought.
"Then who?" The voice of the sword saint, her teacher, said.
Who indeed. Who else would go into the desert without water, without food, without a map nor a compass. Even the stars stare down confused. And the blasted suns, how they burn.
She felt a phantom pain on her back. On her neck. On her feet and on her hands. She rubbed the spots. There were no bruises but there had been. She was not one who had been taught to give up. But giving in was a different thing.
Aharah sighed.
She stabbed the dao into the sand. She walked her feet up to it and crouched. She took the dao out of the sand and stabbed higher on the dune. She walked her feet up to it and crouched. She took the dao... she laughed. And I thought scrambling like a beetle was undignified, now I'm an even lower bug. A caterpillar. Some kind of worm, moving head and tail together then the head again. She sank her blade into the sand and pulled herself closer. I must not think about the top, I must not think about the climb, I must not think. I must move, one hand, one foot, at a time, and unless physics has also abandoned me, I will reach the top. Then it is another slide down. Another dune to climb...
She stopped herself. Aharah looked down. She had come very far. She did not dare to look up lest the hill conquer her will on the spot. Look how far I've come, she thought. Look. There was a trail of red in the sand which the desert drank up in an instant until what was left was merely a stain. Her foot had opened at the sole. I must climb now, she told herself even though her body does not move. I must move, move! Aharah plucked the blade and flung it upward, and it thrust into the sand sideways. She pulled herself. Her feet would not respond. Damn you feet, why have you failed me, she cursed. No matter. She dragged her knees.
I fear I will die.
The thought came, stayed. I fear I will fail. I fear I have no strength left to continue. Tears came to her eyes. Don't look up!
Aharah turned on her back. She pushed with her feet, the pain made her wince. The sand is so soft is it not? The shade is so pleasant, is it not? Why not take a nap here now, and climb when I have rested. Aharah laughed. Her master's words came to her. "When will you give up?" he had asked. "I will never give up," she said.
"Foolish," he had said.
Even master supports this. Perhaps I will just close my eyes... perhaps I will take a nap... perhaps I had been wrong to answer with so much vigor in the Spring of her master's floral gardens. How false my confidence had been. How could I have ever imagined this suffering when I had said those words under a lilac sky with the birds singing accompanied by the gentleness of breeze. This moving air is like a cutting wind... my skin has been sand-blasted off, what's left is raw and crusted over with sand. And the sand is salt. It would be so easy, so natural, so pre-ordained to let my head lie on this plush pillow. It even whispers to me in its grainy voice, rest the nape of your neck against my skin and be rewarded.
And what if I do?
Aharah looked out. Endless, endless bumps. A field of yellow glowing red. At mid-day it will be so red that her retinas will burn. In the afternoon it will dull to yellow again. Then at night, it will be blue, then black. But, at sundown, it will be liminal. And when it is liminal, the color could be gold or silver. Gold is for the winner. Silver is for the winner of the losers. No, I must not think like that... thinking like that has gotten nowhere for me for so long. I must resist thinking like that. I must... I must...
"You must find the Tagata," the sword saint had said.
The world was in a cataclysm. The Hazzan had moved across the plain and were at the Shakyan door. Famine, disease, war had spread across the land. The world frayed---mothers sold daughters, fathers ate sons, brothers killed brothers, sisters maimed sisters. And that was merely in the land of Man. North, in the Crater, darker things lurked. From the East and from the West, out of the seas, mutant, scaly things had evolved and had come onto the land. From the South, in the waste of the data banks, old ghosts and djinns roamed. And from the North, in the crater, the fiercest and most unspeakable fears were said to be preparing to come out and devour all those mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, teachers, lovers.
"Find the Tagata. Find the answer," her master had said. And Aharah had accepted. I didn't need to. I choose to. Anais could have come. Nala too. But I had beaten them and earned the right to suffer here. I cannot stop. I cannot sleep. It would be immoral. It would be sacrilege. Come on, once more, one step at a time. "What am I to do?" is a question reserved for another me. I don't have the privilege yet. I have not earned it---
Without letting the thought pass nor linger, riding on momentum and momentum alone, Aharah roared and flung herself around onto her hands and knees. She grabbed the dao and flung it up. It caught in the sand. She pulled and groaned. No matter the noise now scream if I have to---I must---I will reach the top of this hill and let it kill me if it has to---this is a good death, this is a warrior's death, I will stare Fear down. Aharah dragged her body up. Again. She flung the sword, pulled, dragged her body up. The skin scraped away from her knees. Again! She flung the sword, pulled, her shoulder snapped. She dragged her body up. Again! She flung the sword.
She found air.
It was the top. She was there. She dragged her body over the ledge and turned over on her side, panting. "I beat you! I beat you!" she said laughing like one who was close to insanity. She didn't care. "I beat you! I win today!" She giggled to herself. Her body did not respond to her. She lay there at the top of the dune as the suns rose up and the rays of sunlight baked down. There's nothing you can take from me today, she said. My name is Aharah, in the language of my people, it means Day by Day. You may beat me tomorrow. You may take me in the night. But today, I am the victor. I can let myself sleep now, Aharah said, knowing full well when she did, she would die. She let her cheek sink into the sand. It was hot. It burned. She could not move. So let it be.
A great shadow came over her. The suns were hidden. It cannot be, she thought, Tagata?
Raindrops reached her cheeks. She opened her mouth and drank. The water tasted sweeter than any nectar. Then, as if pitying her, the sky opened up and an ocean fell. The sand drank as hungrily as she. This cannot be, she thought, perhaps this is the River Styx that comes from the sky to take me to the Dark Place. Still, she drank. She felt a presence.
Aharah opened her eyes and in the hail of rain, she saw Him. He stood, stolid, strong, quiet, and calm in the rain. Aharah burst with tears.
"Tagata!" she screamed, "Tagata! I have searched everywhere for you." Unfathomable energy carried her to her feet and she ran toward him, "help me, Tagata, and help us! The End Cycle is here and your people suffer, why have you hidden yourself? Why do you not help?" She flung herself at his feet.
It was a rock. A broad boulder thrice the size of her. Her heart sank. She fell to her knees. She cried and screamed and beat her head against the stone. Her forehead opened and blood ran down onto the stone and it was washed away by the rain. "You won't even take this offer from me, what am I to give you so you will listen to our plight. Why have you come back to this world and why are you silent? Please! Speak to me, I beg of you, Lord."
It was still stone and it did not speak.
Aharah grabbed the stone by the heel and cried. As fast as it had come, the rain stopped. The unquenchable sands were dry again. The clouds parted and suns returned, softly. Aharah ran her hands up the stone. She felt an impression. What is this? She looked up.
Imprinted in the stone was a palm. It was the sign of the Tagata. She smiled. He was here! She cackled to the sky as the suns beat on unblinking.
When Aharah awoke, it was cool and dark. She was strapped into a straw bed that was low to the ground. She tried to move and pain shot through her body. She looked down and her skin was covered with a brown paste that smelled of death. She tried to lift an arm, but her body was so weak that it could not push away the straw sheets that covered her. A towel covered her forehead and she could tell it was once cold but had been heated by her fever. She looked up. The ceiling was domed and made of clay. There was the noise of shuffling feet. Her ears picked up. Someone pulled aside the cloth covering the entrance to the room and bright light shone in for a second. She closed her eyes.
"You're awake," a gentle, elderly man said.
"Are you the Tagata?" Aharah asked.
The man laughed. "No, far from it."
"But you've seen him?" Aharah asked.
"Someone who called himself the Tagata did pass by a season ago," he said.
"A season..." Aharah said. How far away he must be by now. But I have seen his marker. "The stone, where did you take the stone?" She asked, still in fever.
From the corner of her eye, Aharah saw the man go to a small table. It was simple, bunched together from the thicker branches of desert wood. He must have made it himself, she thought. The man leaned over something and Aharah heard the sound of mortar and pestle grinding together. He came to her side with the pestle filled with the stuff that smelled like death. She could see him now. His skin was brown and leathered from the sun, lined with fine wrinkles. His eyes were a deep, deep brown. A checkered bandana covered his head. He wore a blue-white tunic and a worn black belt frayed white at the edge. The belt was tied at the front, and on the part that dangled, Aharah spotted an old worn out emblem of a lion and a lotus.
The man scooped a handful of the paste, but before he applied it to her knee, she said, "Stop."
He straightened up.
"What is that? I have never smelled anything so foul," she said.
"It's meal made from the powdered shell of Vyvyan beetles," he said.
"Get away," she said. Her head throbbed. "What have you done? Vyvyans are poisonous."
"Only in the Winter," the old man said, "it is still Summer now."
Aharah shifted to get away but her body could merely tremble. The old man saw.
"It's quite alright," he said, "look." He fingered a dab of paste from the mortar cup and fed it to his mouth. His face scrunched together from the immense bitterness. Then he swallowed. All the while, Aharah never took her eyes off him.
"It's also quite the laxative," he said with a wry smile.
Hearing the mention of digestion, Aharah's stomach growled.
"May I?" he asked.
Reluctantly, she nodded.
The man scooped the paste and spread it around her kneecap.
"How long have you been out here? When was the last time you ate?" he asked.
She ignored him, and instead asked, "Who are you? What is your name?"
The old man chuckled to himself as he spread more of the paste around her knee until it was encapsulated in the stuff.
"Are you Shakyan?" he asked.
Aharah withheld the answer though it was obvious.
"Well I have a few names. Some Shakyans called me Whyzzer. The Hazzan call me Dzuvag," he said. But on hearing mention of the Hazzan, Aharah instinctively pushed herself away. The movement caused her to yelp.
"Take care, young ambitious one," he said, "you will not be harmed in the home of Dzuvag."
"You're Hazzan?" she sniped, her voice low and sharp.
"My father was Hazzan. My mother was Vermillian," he said. He stood straight and clasped his hands. She noticed thick blue veins poke through his leathered skin. He is old and thin, but his muscles look like steel fibers, Aharah thought, there is no doubt he has been trained in the martial way. He could even be a master. But his father is Hazzan. And what those devils did to the Vermillians can never be forgotten.
"Your father is Hazzan---" Aharah said.
"---was---" Dzuvag answered.
"And your mother was Vermillian. How could that be? All the Vermillians were perished by the Haz," she said.
"That is true," Dzuvag answered.
By now, the paste had hardened into a cast around Aharah's knees, keeping them aligned and in place.
She waited for an answer.
"My Father saved my Mother by taking her as his slave-wife, but that was merely a pretense. They escaped from the Hazzan Empire and settled in my mother's homeland," he said.
"You lie," Aharah said, "the Vermillians were so thoroughly vanquished that... the stories say the Haz King sank their homeland into a sea. There is no such place as Vermilia. Not anymore."
"That is also true," Dzuvag said. He tapped the hardened cast with his fingers and Aharah felt the hollow thud. He then turned and went back to the rickety table, and continued grinding beetles.
Aharah lifted her neck slightly so she could better look around the room. It was a simple yurt, yet the fabric that made up its walls depicted an elaborate scene of a hunt on horseback. The entrance was cut away from the same cloth and sliced into ribbons for the ease of moving through. Two dim, hovering lamp-orbs provided the only light. There was the table. No chair. And no other furniture. A carpet covered the floor, but not completely, and where it did not, Aharah saw leaves and branches. He must have made a platform from criss-crossed branches and leaves above the sand, she thought.
"How long have you been here?" she asked.
"Since the end of the rain season. I will spend Summer here then I will move across the desert into Winter," he said.
"Why?" she asked.
"Why the Vyvyans," he said. "They come to nest and breed in the desert in the Winter. It would be folly to be around then. The very air becomes toxic from their particles. Have you ever felt Vyvyan poison?"
"I'm afraid I'm being poisoned now," she said, her voice unironic and flat.
"Was the demonstration not enough?" Dzuvag said. She said nothing. "You don't trust me," he said, "that is quite alright. Trust should not be granted. It is earned. You're free to go when you can," he said.
When I can, Aharah thought. She could not feel her feet.
"My spine is not broken, is it?" she said with a resigned voice, mostly to herself. Dzuvag shook his head slowly.
"You have burns all over your body. The soles of your feet were stripped to the bone. I've put Keta gum on your feet, that's why you don't feel them. Otherwise, the pain would be... quite intense," he said.
"Keta?" Aharah asked.
"It is a Hala plant. A small, pink desert flower that grows in the shade of dunes and after rains. They are quite temperamental. When they are touched by sunlight, they dry up quickly like fungi. Then that's just good for getting high. That's what I was picking when I found you," Dzuvag said.
The rain. Aharah remembered the feeling of renewal it brought her. Her heart swelled. Bless the rain and bless the ones who watch over me and guide me always back onto the Path, she prayed silently to herself.
Dzuvag dabbed the pestle against the side of the mortar. Clack. Clack. "Ready for more?" he asked. "I left your feet for last. Although, I had hoped you would still be unconscious. It'll be quite painful, even with anesthesia of the Keta plant." He took out a piece of dry, bleached bone. "I suggest you bite on this."
"I can't," she said.
"Right... Shakyan," he said.
"I'll go without it," Aharah said, even as her hands sweated. She could feel the anesthesia wear off and the sting in her feet only preluded the excruciating pain to come.
It'll hurt, she thought. But what does master say? "Don't seed the pain of the body and let it thus multiply in the soil of the mind." I'll heed his words.
Dzuvag lightly touched her heel.
Aharah screamed.
"Do you still wish to go without it?" he asked.
Fighting back tears, she nodded.
"Stubborn," he said. Dzuvag undid his belt. His tunic hung loose. "It is cotton. If you don't find it distasteful, you may bite down on this."
Aharah looked at the belt, particularly at the symbol. It is unmistakable, a sleeping lion.
"Where is this belt from?" she asked.
"So many questions," he said. "It was presented to me from my master."
"And what school was your master from?" Aharah asked.
"You know the schools?" Dzuvag said. His voice lifted in surprise. Aharah nodded.
"It is the Lian Hu school," he said.
"A Vermillian school?" Aharah said. This time, she was the shocked one. "I thought they had all..."
Dzuvag nodded. "I was the last protege of the last master of the Lian Hu school. My mother."
A Vermillian master of the Path? It cannot be, Aharah thought. That art had been lost for generations.
Then she thought, at least he's not from a Hazzan school. But I must test him one more time.
"All Paths derive from the way of the True Wind, do they not?" she asked.
Dzuvag smiled and answered her call. "But the path that can be named is not the true path."
Aharah burst into tears. Master-Teacher Dzuvag, I'm sorry. I didn't know. Please forgive me for my rudeness. For so long, I have not known whom I could trust and...
He rested a hand on her hand. "It's just Dzuvag. Or Whyzzer, if you prefer. I am not a master. I did not pass the test."
Aharah's hope sank a little but a smile still remained on her face. "A friend then," she said.
"A friend," he smiled. "Now, before the Lleysa wears off."
Aharah nodded and bit the belt. The pain was intense, even though Dzuvag took his best care to lightly apply the paste to her feet. When it was over, the belt fell out of Aharah's mouth. Her teeth made their permanent mark on the fabric.
"It is done now. The cast will set. When your sunskin has healed, I will move you into the sun. You should be fully healed in a fortnight," he said.
"Thanks... Dzuvag," she said. The sound of the name rolled awkwardly off her tongue.
"Now," he said. "Why are you in the desert all by yourself? It does not seem like you have come to die."
Aharah recalled her mission.
"I am the Lyonessa of Shakya. I have been sent to find the Tagata so that he may help my people. My master, the Sword Saint, told me to go westward to where Vermillia is buried. So I'm headed past the sands, toward the sea."
Dzuvag furrowed his brow.
"What is wrong?" Aharah asked.
"This..." he said, pointing out to the desert, "this is Vermillia."
Aharah's eyes opened wide. "But it was buried under the sea," she said.
"Yes," he said, "the sea of sand."
The Training on the Rocks
[L4/L5 --- egolessness, belief, can she move the Rock?] [L4/L5 ---L4 is
Over the next two days, Aharah's legs healed. Dzuvag cracked open her cast. Her new skin was pinker than the rest. He walked her out into the sun and the skin around the wound darkened and became sunskin that worked to heal the wound. The sunskin eventually turned golden before peeling off. Aharah's legs glowed gold over the next week as the wound closed and healed and the skin regained its function. Her face however was still plastered with the beetle paste. She was lying in the sun outside Dzuvag's hut when a small dog came up. It was a small, yellow shiba inu with a nubby tail which it still wagged enthusiastically.
Dzuvag came out of the hut with a mass of meat for the dog. He set it down and the shiba leaped at it and landed in the dish. It rolled around the bowl as it ate, covered in its own food.
"One of yours?" Aharah asked.
"No, one of the desert's," Dzuvag answered, "but the contract between the dog and the wild is different. Neither is the master. They are both contained in each other."
"If the wild dog comes here for food every day, is it still wild?" Aharah asked. She lay still. Shades made from straw covered her face.
Dzuvag looked at the dog. The dog stopped rolling and looked at Dzuvag. Then they both returned to their business.
Outside Dzuvag's hut, racks after racks of dried meat hung in the air. They were covered with salt, the flies didn't dare go near them. Dzuvag sat down on a small stool made from animal skin and animal bone. He hung a desert hare that had been drying on the sand onto the rack by its feet. He took a spool of twine and unrolled it using his teeth and his free arm. He then rolled the twine around the feet of the hare and the pole of the rack, using his other arm to loop the twine around. The hare was secured. Dzuvag took a small carving knife from his belt. The blade was short and had a slight curve. It was against this curved edge that Dzuvag skinned the rabbit and dragged its skin from the feet to the head in one smooth motion. He sliced off the skin at the heel and the front feet. The skinless carcass of the rabbit hung to dry on the rack. Dzuvag sprinkled salt from a nearby pot on the rabbit. He flipped the skin inside out and filled it with sand then started with the next one. A warren of such rabbit-shaped dumplings rested around his feet.
A blanket of clouds moved over the early morning sun. The atmosphere dimmed. Aharah complained and rolled to her side.
"When can I take this off?" she said, indicating the cast around her head.
"Two more days," Dzuvag said, as he hung up another rabbit.
Aharah looked at the racks of dried rabbit jerky.
"How much do you need?" she asked.
"To travel the desert for one man, it would take sixty rabbits. I have fifty now," Dzuvag answered. "But, rabbits are not enough. I will also need the fat from a camel's hump. That will last me a hundred days."
"Could I help?" she asked.
"You want to help?"
"I know how to hunt, I can grab the rabbits for you."
"But your head is wrapped in a cast."
"I can still see out of my eye," Aharah said.
Dzuvag stripped off another skin in one decisive tug. He snipped the skin off at the joints to release it and started to spin the lines.
"What do you hunt with?" he asked.
"Bow, arrow. Guns. Casters," she said.
"You have used casters before?" he asked.
"You don't believe me?" she answered, her tone not intended as a question.
"I have met very few people who have used casters. That is ancient technology," he said.
"So are bow and arrows," she said.
"Yes, but we know how to make bows and arrows. Guns too. Laz, rockets, artillery, missiles, bombs..." Dzuvag said. "But, we don't know how to make casters---not anymore. Seems a shame to use a caster-round to hunt. Maybe it was a big prey."
"It was," Aharah said.
Dzuvag nodded.
"In the hut, under far corner of the carpet, peel it open. There is a chest buried in the sand. Open it and you'll find a hook-shot. That's your only weapon," Dzuvag said.
Aharah followed Dzuvag's instructions and entered the hunt. She unrolled the carpet at the far end and found a chest buried in the sand. She unclasped it and opened the top. A small, weighted sickle attached to a long chain rested on top of winter covers that had been stowed away after the season. She grabbed the sickle in her right hand. It was a perfect fit. The handle was just the size of her palm. The chain was finger-wide, made with thick, metal links. The chain ended in a small, knuckle-sized ball.
Aharah spun the sickle in her hand slowly, testing its weight and balance. She bounced the ball up in the air with her left hand. She tried to place it at specific spots in the air. After a few tries, she could do it perfectly. Then, she juggled the sickle and the ball back and forth twice and stowed them away at her waist. She pulled the slack chain over her shoulder, wrapped it around a few times, and let the extra hang over her back. She parted the veil at the door and left the hut.
Dzuvag saw how she had stowed the weapon and nodded in approval. He tilted his head to the right. "Most rabbits that way," he said, then returned to skinning the next one.
Aharah walked into a soft jog in the direction that Dzuvag pointed. For an hour, she did not find a hole or a warren. The desert was flat. She looked back and where she had come from had disappeared. She panicked. I'm a fool! I should have left marks, otherwise I won't know where I've come from! She thought. She untucked the sickle and scratched an X on the ground. She scanned the horizon. Small hills indicated the dunes in the distance. Perhaps the desert hare live on the dunes. I should have asked Dzuvag. Whyzzer? Why didn't I ask. Perhaps I should return and ask for more instructions. But I'll return empty-handed and embarrassed. Perhaps this is a hilarious prank an old crazy hermit is pulling on me and there are no rabbits. Fifty rabbits are two, three warrens. That means the nearest one would be miles away; in the next territory. I didn't think about how far I'd go. I didn't even pack. Should I return and get supplies? No. Aharah sighed. The clouds still covered the sky, and the suns were rising toward noon.
I must stop thinking about failure. Here I am, this is all I have. I will not return empty-handed. Now what will I do next?She thought. Then stood in place, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. She counted to ten. Then stopped. She held her breath for ten, then breathed out for ten, and alternated the sequence. The dunes are not far. I can see them. And he carried me back from one. Why did I not ask more questions. I will remember them and ask Whyzzer when I return. But first, the rabbits... Aharah returned her gaze to the horizon. That was when she saw a pair of cauliflower ears pop up on the horizon line. Then another pair, then another. These rabbits hopped around on the dune then disappeared around a dip in the sand.
Aharah followed quickly, sprinting in the sand. She paced her breath and her lungs and diaphragm worked in unison with her legs and her arms. She kept her head leveled and let her feet feel out the loose packs of sand. She was aware of the slight bend in the sand beneath her feet that pulled her right ankle outward, so she leaned her hips left to compensate. She noted these adaptations to the surface. She came to a stop fifty paces from where she had seen the rabbits disappear. She caught her breath as she prepared to complete the final sprint around the corner. The clouds parted and the suns brightened the sands. Aharah jumped back. There were no rabbits.
It was a desert hydra that had sunk its tendrils into six unfortunate rabbits being used as hand puppets. The tentacled arms perfectly camouflaged into the shaded sand but the suns' sudden brightness gave it momentary contrast. Aharah caught a glimpse of it before it disappeared again. The head was a fleshy lump with an open gut lined with teeth. She backed away. The false desert hares hopped around. A few looked her direction. She stayed still. Her hands slowly reached for the sickle and ball.
Hydras can't use their tendrils on hard dirt. They need the sand to undulate and propel their bodies. I'll move off the sand and onto ground somewhere, She thought as she tested the sand with her feet. Good, this is packed sand. Aharah crouched as she backed away from the hydra, hiding it back in the corner. Once it was out of sight, Aharah paused, then let out a big breath through her nose.
The hydra heard. The sand scattered as it broke through. Its skin lost its camouflage and became an ochre color. It ran on eight legs toward Aharah.
She pivoted onto her back foot and swung the sickle in a circle quickly with her hand to generate momentum. When the hydra was within striking distance, she flung the spinning sickle at the hydra, cutting it on the body near the root of a tentacle and stuck there. The hydra was stunned but it continued the charge. Aharah pivoted backward one step and twisted the slack chain in the air, then she reached the shortest part of the chain and yanked, pulling the sickle out of the hydra. The tentacle was split off. The hydra collapsed and tumbled, rolling in a great ball toward Aharah. She stepped backward one step again and with a smooth whirlwind motion spun the metal ball in a wide circle that ended with the center of the hydra's rolling body. The beast was cracked in half at the middle. The tentacle arms spasmed then fell. Aharah gathered her arms up in defensive stance, held her breath. And when the beast didn't move, she let out a sigh.
Damn this place. I ought to be careful. Nothing is as it seems, she thought. She looked to the sky, the cloud was spreading thin and the suns shone brightly but cool. Aharah gathered the chain-linked tool.
The sun had risen past noon and Aharah still had not spotted another rabbit. I have brought nothing to camp... I did not expect a simple rabbit hunt to take so long, but the time for that sort of reflection will be later. Right now, I need to find my orientation and start back...embarrassing as it will be.
Aharah got to the top of a small mound and scanned the horizon. The largest dunes were to her left. She turned until the dunes were to her back and behind her, and started to jog in that direction. She left the dunes behind with a few steps, as she was only on the outskirts. And on the hard ground, she picked up her tracks in the late afternoon. Aharah stopped a moment to rest. Sweat dripped down her neck and forehead and rained on the ground. The beads of sweat polka-dotted the ground. The afternoon suns were cooled by the wind. The grass rustled. The sky was blue. And in the distance, a rabbit danced about.
Aharah got low. She drew the sickle and positioned it to throw behind her. The rabbit poked up its head, then returned to eating.
When the wind blew and the grass moved, Aharah took a step. She got within striking distance of the rabbit. Another rabbit bounced onto the scene. This one seems sick, Aharah thought. The second rabbit was bowed over and hobbling. It half-jumped and tumbled. The first rabbit scattered. When the second rabbit stopped moving, the first returned to check on it. Aharah stayed low and concealed in the grass. The second rabbit breathed on the ground. The first got close enough to sniff it.
That was when the hydra's camouflaged tentacles snapped onto the rabbit. Aharah was thrown back. She raised the sickle to defend herself. The hydra did not notice her. The captured rabbit kicked its legs. The hydra wrapped its limbs around the rabbit and smothered it. Aharah crawled away.
When she got far enough, she got onto her legs and sprinted. She sprinted until the sands had all passed her and it was yellow grassland. She passed the X she had drawn on the ground. It was getting to be night. The suns had set and darkness set in. A small bonfire lit the way. Aharah followed the light and reached camp. Dzuvag was not there. A pot of rabbit stew boiled over the bonfire. A set of bowl and wooden spoon was set out, seemingly for her. Aharah dropped the sickle and ball and sat down at the fire. How nice this warmth is. And how pliant the sand. My legs are beyond sore. But at least I can run. This land still surprises me, seems like I have learned a lesson today but I hope it proves to be useful and stays with me.
Aharah scooped out her share from the pot and chunks of brown rabbit meat mixed with a slurry of potatoes and leeks smelled heavenly. She salivated. Aharah took a spoonful of it and felt the heat of the spices travel throughout her body. She settled down into the ground. Looking up, the night's constellations revealed themselves. Dragons, scorpions, holy men and women waved and danced in the firmament of nothingness while ghostly lights from galaxies long past still yet have make their way here. Aharah stoked the bonfire and the crackling wood sent sparks flying. Aharah fanned the smoke away with her hand. She settled the sickle and ball next to her and nestled down to sleep.
The next morning, Aharah awoke with a desert tarp covering her. The fire had been smothered. Hot tea and a cup of honey awaited her. Aharah wrapped the tarp around her. The morning air was cold. The color of yellow peeked over the furthest mountain ridges. The skin was pink above it. Then purple, blue, and what remained of the night. The yellow brightened. Aharah walked onto a nearby dune. The sun peeked over the mountain ridge and a spectrum of light radiated outward through the sky and then, as if the day and reality were simultaneously being revealed, the world gained color. Aharah took another sip of her tea. Wind encouraged her to gather tarp tighter into a headwrap and shawl.
I can take my head-cast off today, she thought.
Aharah touched her hand to her face. No pain. She pulled at the edge of the cast. A sticky residue came unglued. With her other hand, she took the cast off. My right side is number. The wind just isn't as cold. Give it time, sensation will return,she thought. Aharah looked back at camp. Dzuvag had skinned and stuffed all the rabbits. Racks of rabbit jerky hung out to dry. Little bags of stuffed rabbits sat around. What is his plan with those things? Aharah thought, they make quite morbid garden ornaments.
Bang! A gunshot rang and echoed through the valley.
Aharah scrambled to the top of a hill and saw Dzuvag lying prone in the sand. She couldn't make out his target. Dzuvag turned to his side and reloaded his rifle then loaded another round into the chamber. He glanced forward at the flat, empty plain. Tumbleweeds uprooted by the wind rolled by in herds.
[L4/ write the sickest most fun action adventure wuxia novel set in the distant future; star wars esque; L4/ spirituality, ego, passing or overcoming one's ego] [L4 One of the most invasive thoughts to literature is: What I'm doing is not important.] [Drive the story forward]
Aharah got on all fours and crawled like a lizard to Dzuvag. When she had gotten beside him, she whispered, "What are you shooting at?"
He looked forward without answering her. Then he squinted one eye and leaned over his sight. He inhaled, held his breath a moment, then as he released, he squeezed the trigger. The barrel kicked back into his shoulder. The sand on which it was mounted jumped. The bang rang out through the valley again, this time, the loud bellow of a beast sounded then vanished.
Dzuvag closed his eyes and bowed his head and said a quick, silent prayer. Then he waited for the beast's death cry to run its course.
"Manok," Dzuvag said, "desert deer."
He stood up and brushed the sand from his trouser pleats. He swung the rifle over his shoulder and signaled for Aharah to follow.
The desert floor was hard, packed clay. Aharah felt its density with her toes. The surface, however, was loose and powdered. Dzuvag signaled her with his fingers and eyes to scan the horizon. Then he twisted his arms. Snakes, Aharah thought, those hydra things. I'm a fool, why did I not carry a weapon? Even a stick or a buckler would suffice, yet here I am, careless in an unknown desert as if I were on a morning stroll through the gardens at home.
Aharah looked around and grabbed a fist-sized rock. Dzuvag opened his palm and got to a knee. Aharah slowed and did the same. Without taking his eyes off the fallen prey, Dzuvag pointed to two glimmering shapes around it. Aharah couldn't see them at first, but when the deer's head was taken off seemingly by nothing, she noticed the invisible hydra that had wrapped itself around the animal. And to its left, another had joined, slithering like an octopus on land. It attached itself to the deer's side and ate.
Dzuvag shook his head and turned. They crawled until the hydras were out of sight then Dzuvag led her in a dead sprint. How is he so fast? Aharah thought, his legs are so thin and his frame so slim, yet he can take off at a glance, just like those deer. She ran until her lungs felt like they were about to burst, but she never slowed nor stopped. When the camp came into sight, Dzuvag slowed to a jog, then a walk. Aharah panted beside him. Dzuvag, however, breathed slowly and steadily; the only sign of effort was a thin layer of perspiration around his white hairline. "Take smaller breaths," he said, patting his hand in the air and lowering it. I already am, Aharah thought in agitation, but his words made her aware of how much she struggled to pump her lungs. She released the management of her breath and she felt a small release, and within a few moments, her breath grew steady again.
"Tomorrow, we go hunt big game," he said.
"Are the rabbits not enough?" Aharah asked.
"You'll need all the rations you can get when you go into the deep desert," Dzuvag said.
Aharah stopped in her tracks.
"Why? What did you see?" she asked.
Dzuvag stopped to face her. "Last night," he said, "when you were resting by the fire, I had a vision in my dream. I saw a glimpse of where the Tagata had gone, and it was deeper into the desert."
Aharah gripped her fists.
"But the dream also showed me that you're not ready to go into the deep desert. First, you must perform a feat to merit the test of the desert," Dzuvag said.
Could it be the dream I saw? Last night, in my dream, I saw that rock which I had mistaken to be the Tagata flying through the air. It was struck by a palm---whose, I don't know. But the four-ton stone flew through the air from the dunetop it rested on to one nearby. Then I awoke to the gunshot, Aharah thought.
"I had a dream too," she said, and told her dream to Dzuvag.
"Then you know what you must do, move the stone as your teacher-in-the-dream has shown you, then you'll be ready to follow the Tagata," he said.
"But that is impossible," Aharah said, "no one can move a stone that large, least with a strike from their hand."
"It does seem impossible," Dzuvag said as he nodded. He turned and walked back to the camp.
[Drive the story forward]
Near the campfire that night, Dzuvag split a dried hare and used half to make stew. It was bland, made merely from rabbit, water, and a dried desert tuber.
Aharah bit into the tuber and winced from bitterness. "What is this?" she asked, "don't tell me it's more beetle."
"Hyaz root," Dzuvag said. "Keeps you warm. And keeps your belly full."
Aharah swirled the slushy contents of her bowl and a froth of brown scum coated the bowl's sides. She set the bowl down.
"Not hungry?" he asked.
Her stomach growled. Aharah picked at the measly amounts of flesh with her teeth and fingers. She slurped up the broth and chewed the boiled roots but she couldn't swallow it. What tasted like a potato became more bitter as she worked the cud in her mouth. Unable to contain it, Aharah spat it out. Dzuvag caught the food before it hit the ground. He wagged a finger at her and swallowed the regurgitated ball of desert tuber. "It's still energy," he said.
Aharah dropped the bowl to her side and covered her forehead with her hands. Her stomach rumbled.
"Tomorrow, we'll catch a big game, then you can eat more," he said. Aharah made no reply, and remained bowed over. Dzuvag reached into his belt sack and kneaded something between his hands. He offered it to Aharah with an open palm.
"What is it?" she asked, although she could already smell the sweet scent of fruit. Her mouth also watered at the hint of fats.
"It's dried fruit and lard," he said.
"Where did you get lard from?"
"It's all the remains of the animal that brought me here," he said. He offered it to her again with an open palm. Aharah took the ball of fat and sugar reluctantly. She smelled it. The smell made her drool. She opened her mouth to swallow it all but stopped herself short.
"Would you... like to have some?" she asked Dzuvag reluctantly.
He shook his head. "It does something awful to my stomach," he said, rubbing his belly.
Aharah sensed Dzuvag's duplicity. She split the ball of lard and sugar into two and molded each half into a smaller ball the size of her thumb. "Save some for later," she joked, and tucked half of her ration into her sash. She popped the other half into her mouth and savored the melting fat.
This is heaven, she thought, I haven't tasted sugar since I left home. What is it now, a hundred days? More? I had thought deprivation would get me closer to the Tagata. But, I may have died and nothing would have been accomplished. She swallowed the melted fat and sucked on pieces of dried fruit between her teeth like candy.
Dzuvag poked the fire with kindling and the flames spat and crackled. He unpacked his rifle and disassembled it. With a cloth and rod, he went about cleaning his gun. Aharah watched the old man take apart the barrel and the stock, cleaning its intricate carvings.
[L4---Ego/Egolessness] [L5---not sure how to start. Cold feet.] [Drive the story forward]
"How many bullets do you have?" she asked.
"Seven. Not many left and there is nowhere to restock out here," he answered.
"Can you take down a big game with seven bullets?" she asked.
"All it takes is one," he said. He rubbed sand against the side of the firearm and burnished the surface with a dry, dirty cloth. "Gets the grease out," he said without being asked, "you don't want anything slipping when manoks come at you."
"What about the other things? The snake things," she asked. "They took your game today."
Dzuvag nodded. "Sometimes you take from the desert, most times, it takes from you," he said.
Aharah sighed and leaned back. She looked at the sky where the constellations talked to one another. Strings of pearly lights glided along the firmament of heaven seemingly in a straight line, then they bent to the curvature of an invisible dome and were out of sight. Another string of light crossed perpendicularly. She'd never seen stars move so predictably this way.
"Those peculiar stars..." she pointed to the faint line that had faded while another crossed the sky perpendicularly, "what are they? I've never seen stars travel so closely together."
"They're satellites," Dzuvag said.
"Satellites?" Aharah said.
"Man-made stars," Dzuvag said.
"That's impossible," Aharah said, flabbergasted.
"Seems impossible," Dzuvag said. He reassembled the rifle and it snapped together with a deep-seated click. He popped the barrel and blew through it; air escaped and pitched like a whistle.
"How did they make stars and put them in the sky? Who made them? And why?" she asked. But she thought, this cannot be, this old man has become a loon. Too many days alone in the desert, perhaps; and perhaps, he's dangerous. Aharah wrapped her scarf tighter around herself. She shifted her weight and angled herself away from the old man who was now applying oil to the wooden parts of the rifle. He works the cloth around the gun as delicately as if he were washing his arm, she thought, and there is no hurry. That's the sense of this old man---there is no hurry, even though invisible snakes abound around us; even though winter is coming and all of the desert will become toxic; even though the last two bastions of humanity will clash and we're assailed by enemies on all sides, yet here he is... cleaning.
Aharah recalled a memory of a man who had lost his mind. She was younger then and rode in a carriage with her sister when they saw the naked man raving to the sky around a street corner. Yet, most remarkable to her, the man who had apparently lost his mind held a makeshift broom and he was cleaning that street corner; it seemed to occupy that man's entire world. And here, this old man, was doing the same. I don't think he's mad at all, Aharah thought; he may be the most sane person I've ever met. There's a mood about him, a contemplative mood that doesn't play the game that is played; Time doesn't seem to be his referee the way it is for me. Could it be? Could he be the Tagata? But no---I've asked him and he's denied it. The Tagata does not lie, not even in humility. But he's wind-touched, Aharah thought.
Her eyes softened toward Dzuvag. Inexplicably, tears came.
"What is wrong?" he asked when he heard her soft sobbing.
Aharah sniffed; tried to keep it down. The Lyonessa doesn't cry, she thought, Nala would disown me if she saw. She would have made a good Lyonessa, but it is me. Why? And when she asked herself that question, her cries only grew until Aharah was shunting her chest to keep her crying intact.
"It'll be easier if you let it go," he said. "The desert sky has seen me cry many times and it is a catharsis to cry if you let yourself."
"I miss them," Aharah said.
"Whom?"
"My family," she said.
Dzuvag set his rifle by his side and remained quiet. He listened.
"I want to be with them but I can't go back," Aharah said, sniffling; "Home has not felt like home for as long as I can remember. I thought that... perhaps... if I did something great, I could go home again and sleep as I did when I was a child. When the world was simpler... quieter... when I had no weight on my shoulders."
"You feel like you have a burden on your shoulder so you decided to carry some more?" Dzuvag asked.
"I already feel crushed, so why not let it be for something important?"
Dzuvag looked at Aharah with tender eyes. "When I'm traveling in the desert," he said, "and the animal is tired, I would get down. And if it gets further tired, and between the rider and the beast we cannot carry what we have, I'll cut things loose."
"And where is the beast now?" Aharah asked. A piece of wood split in the fire. The crackling kindling lulled her. At the edge of the campfire's light, short grass made little shadow puppets on the ground that waved with the wind and the flame. Insects buzzed. Something guttural snarled far away in the void of the night. Yelps followed, then silence.
Dzuvag pointed to the tent.
"It's getting late now," he said, "our bodies are at a disadvantage and so is our mind. I'm going to rest. Spread a ring of sand around the fire when you're done and let it burn out." He holstered the rifle over his shoulder and went inside.
Aharah remained outside and watched one of the moons on its walk. It was a waxing moon, a quarter of it was lit. A shadow covered the rest like a celestial comma. That's us, she thought, that's us printed on the moon, a dark mark on the otherwise pristine yellow skin. That's us...
When she had tired and her yawns overtook her, Aharah rose and spread a ring of sand around the fire as she was told. Then she turned to the hut and went in, her last, languid thought: What did happen to the beast? I wonder if it had run out of food or water. Maybe something got to it. But then, she thought, looking at the tent, how did one old man carry so much by himself?
[L4--- ego; preparing to meet the stone] [L5--- ??] [Drive the story forward]
Aharah received her answer the next morning.
Dzuvag had gotten up before dawn and smothered the fire and covered over it. When she exited the hut still with sleep in her eyes, Dzuvag called to her. "Help me move all the jerky inside," he said, motioning to the racks of rabbit meat.
"How have the wildlife not taken it?" she asked. But Dzuvag had by now established a pattern of letting questions linger in the air. Annoyed, Aharah tightened her fabric and shawl around her. She smelled her own dust and sweat. How I wish for a bath, she thought. She undid the tarp that covered the rabbits and found them blackened. There was a bark on the meat. Perhaps it is pepper, she thought, the old man still has tricks yet. She stole a nib of jerky and covertly put it in her mouth. This is not pepper. She gagged and spat the jerky out. Her mouth was full of bitters. This must be more of that dried beetle powder. No wonder the animals don't want it. It is vile. Then, she remembered how Dzuvag had an aversion to wasted food, but the wet slop on the ground looked revolting. Aharah snuck a look back but the old man had gone into the tent, so she pawed some dust over the half-chewed rabbit meat to cover it. Then, she took the dried rabbits from their skewering poles and walked into the hut with an armful.
Inside the tent, Dzuvag had upended the carpet and the flooring, and what lay underneath was a pit dug to be the grave of an animal. It had been a large beast---the size of a young elephant---with four horns like a bull's and four, stout legs with hooved feet. Look at its shoulders, its hind, its frame, Aharah thought, it has pillars for arms and legs. And look how its limbs are aligned with its pelvis and clavicle like the sides of a box. This thing could carry. Then Aharah followed the pit with her eyes. The pit was not dug but formed by the sand piling around it when it had died. Her gaze continued across the carpet to the lining of the hut.
This isn't fabric, she thought. How could I not have noticed sooner. It is skin. It is this animal's skin. My refuge is not a hut but the flayed and dried body has been made into my abode. Ay. What a beast.
She stooped by the skull for a moment and rested her hand upon it. Thank you for serving me without my knowing and thank you for giving your body for my body, she said in prayer. Go on now and return to dust from whence we all came. Depart, your spirit, be unfettered and free from this place of your death and do not be tied down to your last moment. I sense you went through great pain before your death. I sense... Aharah moved her hand over the bone of the animal to its side. I sense this is where a knife went in; Dzuvag's knife, no doubt. You were trudged and carried all your life, born to indenture, and born to it not only in this life, but all your ancestors' lives were born and bred for captivity and servitude. I sense you had the greatest joy upon seeing the open expanse of the prairie and despite the heat of the sands you battled your own temperate conditioning and came to this place where you now rest... because you trusted your rider, this old man. May you rest now. You are no longer beast nor animal but spirit, a higher being. I am still flesh and I speak to you, to all beings who have passed from this material plane to the ethereal, guide me. Guide me back always to the good path again and help me find the Tagata, the Great Teacher, who can set this world right. In the name of the Tagata, namaha.
When Aharah had finished her prayer and let go of her hand, the white bone where she had touched, cracked.
Dzuvag was ready by first light. He had slung a small pack and his rifle over his back and changed out of his tunic into desert garb loose around his torso but cinched at his ankles and wrists. He tied his hood into a bundle with a rope so it did not sway. Aharah noted the strange texture of the rope and realized it was desiccated intestine. What will I see next? Another use for its entrails? Eyes?
Aharah looked up to see the last hues of the fading night giving away to the sapped grayness of a promising dawn. Over the northeastern horizon, beyond spikes of mountains, the newly conceived day held its last push. The air, the light, and the guts of Time held suspended and exposed. Beside Dzuvag, as if incanted and invoked by dawn, a thin spear gleamed.
"A gift," Dzuvag said, ushering Aharah to it.
She plucked the spear from the ground. It was made from wood and bone. From that ever-giving animal, Aharah thought, it really has given every piece of itself, perhaps even more so after death than in life.
[L2---good gist; just need to reorder a bit and consolidate the thoughts and separate from the actions] [L4 --- time and deadlines; keep coming back to this, the beetles are hatching and they must leave the desert before winter time] [L5 --- awe; mornings at Vipassana; starting the first step of an adventure]
"You know how to use it?" Dzuvag asked.
She nodded. Aharah gripped the spear and swung it around slowly to test its balance and weight. Light, sturdy, well balanced and well weighed---it is also perfect as a javelin. She ran her hand down the shaft of the spear and felt gentle grooves that fit her fingers when she gripped. But the material felt different. It is not merely a shaved and sanded piece of wood. It is two helixes perfectly fitted together, half wood, half bone. And there is no seam, she noted with surprise*.
*"How did you make this?" she asked.
"You know whittling? I whittle a little," Dzuvag said. Second light was already coming and the sky became a little brighter. "Are you ready?" he asked. "You seem hesitant; you seem to be dragging your feet."
Aharah felt a flush of cold sweat. The truth stings, she thought, and even more so when it is reflected back at me. I am hesitant.
She looked out toward the endless stretch of desert where she had almost died. How could I save my people? How could I find an Enlightened One when I'm afraid of snakes and wolves and whatever is out there. I don't trust myself. Her own words rang throughout her own mind. I don't...trust myself. What has happened to me? Confidence was my mainstay but now I tremble in my feet---my knees barely bend because they are so weak. And I have become a baggage, like a baby, for this old man to take care of me---how low I've sunk, relying on the grace of this stranger to survive.
She cast her eyes down.
Dzuvag sensed her confusion and shame and turned his back to the suns and faced her fully. A halo seemed to form around his head.
"There once was a general, they called him the Commodore of Complaint," Dzuvag said. "He would not, and could not, point out every single fear and reservation about upcoming battles. Young soldiers who did not know him felt doomed to be in his company. How could I survive when the leader is a hopeless pessimist? They thought. They were intrigued by the equanimity of the older soldiers who had gone into battle with him many times. How could you follow someone who points out every difficulty before the battle has even begun? They asked the veterans. And the veterans, who had been in their shoes once, said: He speaks out every worry that I have and we have survived more battles than any other company.The young guys would have a dumb look. And before the battle, the Commodore gave the young men a choice: stay or choose a new company. Half went; half stayed. The ones who went discovered that their usually stoic commanders were actors and cowards who collapsed under the duress of war. But this old crooner---the soldiers found out---became like a stone wall in battle; reliable, unyielding, and never spoke of difficulty but only victory. And his company survived."
The halo around Dzuvag expanded into a soft glow and Aharah thought, this old man is not the Tagata, but he must be from the line of arahants---beings who have transcended the apparent world and are living out their karma in this flesh, unconcerned with birth again.
"Do you know what I mean?" Dzuvag asked.
"I can complain all I want and ought to---but once I've undertaken the task, there is no more complaint," Aharah said. Dzuvag answered by folding his hands and a kind, loving light seemed to pour out of his eyes.
"But I'm afraid," Aharah said.
"You have survived forty days and nights in the desert by yourself; that is quite an accomplishment. Were you not afraid then?" he asked.
"I was... but I was foolhardy. My head was too thick for fear... I thought I was invincible... or I had a death wish. None who fears for life would have thrown theirs away to venture into a deathless vastness," she said. "I was called into the desert to find the Tagata for my people... but the more I meditate, the more I realize I was merely doing it for myself."
"So what do you fear now?" he asked.
"I fear I don't have what it takes... that all this is for nothing," she said, holding onto the spear like a cane.
"Close your eyes, Lyonessa, and take a breath. Tell me, without thinking, from your gut and the bottom of your heart: Do you have what it takes?"
"Yes," Aharah answered without thinking with her eyes closed. She opened her eyes and smiled. For once, the worry that lined her face disappeared and Dzuvag looked onto her as if seeing a child. He smiled.
"I hear fear," he said, "but more so, I hear doubt."
Aharah opened upon hearing those words. There was a quickening, and the castle of her mind opened its shutters for the first time in a long time and the inside that had not seen light lost some of its weight. She felt lighter.
What power is this, she thought, that to name a thing and name it true and name it well could alleviate me. Yes! It is doubt. It is worry. It is uncertainty. There is a texture of fear but this is not pure cold fear---and if that fear is buried there, it is the fear that I will fail. But all my life I've felt a sense of destiny that is so strong and unshakeable that at times I feel as if I am alone in my delusion. Perhaps it is merely my ego speaking, but delusions also expire and I have outlasted many that have come and gone. Yet, this sense of destiny remains.
"Doubt strikes when you begin a perilous journey, when you need to take a leap of faith, it comes. It comes near the end, at the crux, when you struggle most valiantly, doubt comes. And it comes at the end, when the journey is nearly done and you are riding off, doubt comes. But, it may make you easier to know---doubt is always there. It's when we become overconfident, thinking we have crushed it once and for all, that doubt gathers the most power and returns in full force and more; It uses our own momentum against us because it is us. Become friends with doubt, Aharah. It too is part of your mind and it too has its use. You are Life, as old as the Universe, that has come together and knows itself... even friction in evolution is part of the streamline."
And as Dzuvag finished, the dawn arrived in all its brilliance and his head became the Sun. Her doubt subsided, but she knew, my doubt is subsiding and this too is temporary. It'll return. Let me meet it. I'll go into the desert. I'll answer that call.
[L4: How does one move a 4-ton rock? Piece by piece probably] [L4: Maybe we pick up the pace a bit... and how does one portray the wavering nature of conviction?] [L4: The Ego] [L4: tracking and hunting] [L5: annoyance; just want to leave everything and everyone behind]
The cool early morning became sweltering by noon. Already, Aharah's conviction was slipping away when examined against the harsh desiccation of the desert.
Even though the sky is so high above, it feels low, like the top of an oven, she thought. The air can't escape, neither can we. We're being cooked. How foolish that moment of inspiration feels now... Already my conviction from this morning is slipping. Reality examines us harshly. This place is desiccated through and through---this is drier than bone. It is a marrowless place. If God made this place, he must have been very angry, or very young.
Her last thought startled her. I have never thought of God as anything but ageless. But... as all things come from something previous... Does God come from a younger God? He is all that is, was, and will be; but he too is trapped in existence. Even nonexistence exists because of existence... what is that which isn't? Why are there things instead of there not being anything? Even now as I ask these questions, my mind can only fathom it in duality. There must be a way outside this mode of thinking... there must be infinite ways of thought that are foreign and unfathomable to me.
Aharah wiped sweat from her brow. Strata of salt marked her shirt where sweat dried as quickly as her body made it out. She took a skin-pouch from her waist and took two sips then closed the cap. Save some for later, she thought. Somehow that thought was comforting.
They came upon a dune that blocked their vision. Dzuvag told her to follow his steps with a glance of his eyes. He turned parallel to the sand then stepped up sideways. Aharah followed. This is so much easier than rushing the dune, she thought.
When they reached the top, Aharah barely broke a sweat. Dzuvag then waved a hand, telling her to crouch. She did as he instructed and made it to the top. Peeking over, she saw a pile of bones and a colony of small, sharp-toothed rodents gnawing away.
"It's the manok you'd shot," she said. The rodents heard her and scurried away to hide among the scattered femurs and ribs.
"Ritika," he said, pointing to the rodents. "Piranhas of the desert. Little rats. They eat what the hydras leave behind."
"The hydras don't swallow their prey whole?" Aharah asked.
"Hydras are not snakes. They break their prey apart at the joints, then they use their thousands of bristled teeth to tear off flesh like sandpaper," Dzuvag said.
"That sounds like a horrible death," Aharah said. "At least we kill quickly."
Dzuvag untied the rope around his hood and handed the line to her. Aharah felt the paper-like intestine in her palm.
"Tie it around your waist," he said, as he tied the other end of the line around his waist.
"Why?" Aharah asked, even as she did as she was told.
Dzuvag slid his hood over his head.
"Walk close to me," he said, "we need to look big. The ritikas are hungry; they've eaten the teeth off the manok. There is very little nutrients in the enamel. It's been a thin season. Stand up slowly and stride along with me."
"Can we not scare them off with a shot?" Aharah asked.
"Only seven bullets," Dzuvag said.
The suns beat down and Aharah felt sunlight sting her cheek. Maybe I should cover myself in that beetle paste, she thought. Then another thought followed, look at me, already thinking like a native. Perhaps this is the true fruit of coming here with Dzuvag. What does he also call himself? Whyzzer. I wonder why.
Dzuvag snapped his fingers. "Focus," he said, "right feet first, then left feet. Stand tall. Very tall." They stood up, tied together. A hundred ritikas stood up together. Their little teeth chittered like saws.
Dzuvag flung his cloak into the air, and it fell over Aharah so they looked like one beast. He walked in front while Aharah walked behind him, partly concealed in his cloak, and together they moved like one larger animal. Under the cloak, Aharah dripped with sweat. She matched Dzuvag's step. Right. Left. Right. Left. Occasionally, Dzuvag growled so low and loud that Aharah trembled. She kept up. Before long, they had passed the colony, and the chittering of the ritikas quieted behind them. When Dzuvag gave her the signal, Aharah shoved the cloak from her head and gasped for air. He untied the rope between them. Her vision blurred, and her legs wobbled. He sat her down and gave her more water to drink. Her arms seized and started to shake.
"What is happening to me," she asked.
"The ritikas chitter to stun their prey," he said, "the louder the chitter, the bigger the prey. The cloak blocked out some of the sound, but nothing can stop it. It's a vibration that shakes your bone," he said as he kneaded her arm with a knuckle. Her muscles relaxed.
"How did I not run into these creatures when I came into the desert?" she asked.
"You did," he said. "Many creatures followed you. They just didn't know what you were yet. Even a tiger won't eat a donkey if it's never seen one before. These creatures rarely see humans. Alive ones at least. The dead are buried deep down. Sometimes sand sinks, and the pressure pummels them out."
"The sand spits human corpses from Vermilia?" Aharah asked. Dzuvag nodded. What a strange and terrifying place,Aharah thought, perhaps I have taken my survival too lightly.
Her body stopped shaking, and Aharah asked, "Where do we go now?"
Dzuvag pointed beyond another set of dunes. "There is an oasis beyond there where monaks gather to drink."
"An oasis?" Aharah asked, raising her voice. "Why have you not told me before?"
"Why would you want to know?"
"Why have we lived in the hardpan when there's water, fruit, and vegetation nearby?" she said, gathering anger.
"Not the place for us," Dzuvag said. "The hardpan is harsh but livable. All the apex go to the oasis and hunt the monaks like we do."
Aharah bowed over. Even stranger and stronger beasts than what I've seen? If even mice have saws for teeth, what good are we against the top of the food chain?
"There, there," Dzuvag said, "no need to despair. We are not as lowly of animals as you'd think."
"But I only have a spear, and you have seven bullets. We can't take on more than a few hydras between the two of us, what chance do we have against even fiercer creatures?" she asked.
Dzuvag removed his pack and opened it. The pungent smell of Vyvyan beetle powder gagged Aharah.
"Beetles again?" she asked.
"The Vermilians have another name for the Vyvyan beetles," he said with a grin, "they are also called Panaceans."
"There seem to be more uses for these beetles than there is sand," Aharah said, unamused.
"Come, on your feet now. It is nearing winter, and with the beetle's toxin soon to cover the desert, the most dangerous beasts have migrated away. This is the last herd of monaks that remain. If we get one, we'll have enough fuel to make our way out."
Aharah got to her feet.
"But I can't leave yet," she said. "I have to see to the stone."
"You can't wait till spring?" Dzuvag said.
"I don't know how much longer I can wait," Aharah said. "I don't know how much time is left before war breaks out with the Hazzan."
"But the Tagata is not a weapon. The Tagata cannot help you win the war by force," Dzuvag said.
"How do you know what the Tagata can do?" Aharah said. "You haven't met the Tagata."
"What have you heard of the Tagata?" Dzuvag asked.
"I have heard too much of the Tagata," Aharah said. "Some say he is the panacea—the answer to the world's ailments. And the world is very sick right now. Others say that he was the one who conquered the initial chaos of Hassan and created order for our settlement here. Still others say the Tagata is a myth and a story to placate the numb and the dumb."
"What do you say?" Dzuvag said.
"I say... I'm here to discover the truth," Aharah said.
Dzuvag extended a hand to her and pulled her to her feet. "Well, whoever, whatever, or wherever the Tagata is, he is onward. Come now, if we hurry, we can reach the oasis by sundown."
Aharah brushed the sand off her clothes, tightened the spear against her back, cinched her clothes again, and followed Dzuvag.
[L4 - Teachers; Kind teachers; quiet teachers; teachers who show experiential knowledge]
[L4 - Consider changing title of book to Arahant/Arahan when finished. It is currently Hassan. Maybe it's Haosan—the Good Mountain? Who knows. At the end, maybe the story will give itself a name.]
The suns didn't seem to go down. The afternoon dragged on, tore through the atmosphere so roughly that metal particulates smelled the air. Aharah choked, smelling nickel, iron, bronze. She coughed. Dzuvag walked in front, steadily a foot at a time.
Then she saw it. High and above on the peak, a pointed shadow like a man and a clock hand extended down. Aharah could touch it. She stopped.
"The Tagata's rock," she said. Dzuvag left her mind. The heat, the rusty smell, her thin bones and scabbed-over wounds, they too left her mind. Her vision became singular; the winding path of the dune and the slithering pleats of sands straightened. She turned, and as if waking into and waking from a dream, and unlike her practiced sideways step, she walked up the slope straight on. Any other way of approaching something holy felt wrong.
She was halfway up the dune when she took notice that Dzuvag followed her. She heard the scraping of hands and the falling of sand. Then that moment and its sensory complexities blew away like dust from her mind. She scaled over the top and, from such great heights, saw the desert open up before her. The dune top and plateau she was on oversaw the desert, rising high above, yet the walk took no time at all. She wasn't thinking. No thoughts that began with "I" entered her mind. Things were merely things. The wind blew. The sand shone. The suns winked down, blue, gold, and brown. She walked up to the rock, and a great joy leapt out, and she said out loud, "It is a joy to see that this thing was not a dream—I thought I had imagined it." Aharah put her hand up to the rock, and in the space between her flesh and the rock, in that small synapse, electricity abounded. She did not touch the rock.
In the dream, the man, whose face I could not see, touched the rock with a palm and it flew from this dune top to the next,she remembered. She looked for the nearest dune top, and a space, large as a canyon, separated them. Smaller dunes bowed between them like supplicating disciples. She turned to look at Dzuvag. Why do I look back? she asked. Is it for permission?
"Is this what you saw in your dream?" he said.
"He wore a prismatic cloak. I was behind him, and he waited, as if waiting for me to ready myself," she said.
"Ready yourself for what?" he asked.
"To witness the impossible, to see and believe a miracle," she said.
"Then, what are you waiting for?" he asked.
Aharah gripped her hand and felt sweat. The suns were setting now, and each moment warm colors receded to something cooler, and when they had all gone, she felt the opportunity would be lost—even though the rock would be there tomorrow. But tomorrow, it would just be a rock, she thought, today it is a possibility, a promise... no, a test of faith. If I do not go to it now, Now will be forever gone. But if I do, and I touch the stone, and find it merely stone, then the entire construct of my soul will crumble. What else will I believe in?
Aharah shivered.
"I'm sorry," Aharah said to Dzuvag.
"For what?" he asked.
"That I always dither. How do you do it, Dzuvag? How do you plow on? Don't you doubt? Have you seen your destiny in front of you and felt the potential of a lifetime... only to back down?"
"I have," Dzuvag said.
By now, the mountains in the distance cradled the sunset. Aharah looked at the horizon. How quickly time flies when you try to catch it. But when my foot was worn to the bone, each step reminded me time was a needle.
[L4: War. Mothers losing children. The youth being fed into a meat grinder]
[L5: Resentment; Anger; Spitefulness]
[What's at stake for Aharah? Ostensibly it is war and death and end of civilization; but the real stake is her own sanity/meaning—is Calling real or fictitious and what's the difference between faith and insanity?]
[L4: Demagogues; projection; seducing people down dark paths to make them tools of the state]
The rock stood before Aharah. It seems immovable, she thought. The sunset held its gaze on them both, and between them was a transfixation. Aharah moved within an arm's length of the stone. In my dream, the Tagata struck the stone with his palm, and I saw it fly across the chasm. But it was a dream. It was not real. Here it stands, atoms on heavier atoms.
She reached her hand out again and hovered over the palm print.
This is real, she thought, this print is a human hand. But there are no cracks around it. It does not seem to have been struck nor does it look carved. This indentation... where have I seen this?
Aharah remembered the rain. She remembered water. And it occurred to her. This print is smooth, as if a hand touched it so many times that it melted the rock as dripping water melts stone. She felt a chill. I don't have time, she thought, I must find the Tagata soon, or something terrible will happen. Let's not dawdle anymore.
Aharah planted her feet and loaded her weight into her legs. The art of striking and fighting was as natural to her as walking. She pulled strength from the ground, felt the energy surge upward and course from her right foot to her right hand. She visualized what the man in her dream had done. One solid strike, she repeated to herself. Remember what the Sword Saint had taught me. Focus on a singular point of contact and send your force through. Don't punch the rock. Punch through the rock to the other side. That's the target. The back of this rock. What if it doesn't move? I'll have failed... no more of that now.
Aharah closed her eyes, took a breath in. Her chest expanded to its fullest, and at her most turgid, Aharah exhaled and struck with perfect accuracy into the palm.
The stone did not move.
The force of her own strike knocked Aharah off her feet and threw her onto the sand.
Dzuvag watched Aharah prop herself with her hand. She got to her elbow, stood up on a knee, and stood back up. She returned to the stone. And she struck it again. She was off balance again. The stone did not move. No marks showed anything had grazed the stone at all. Aharah planted herself before the stone. She punched again. And again. And again. Hot tears came to her eyes. She lost her form and swung wildly at the rock. Her knuckles split open and dripped with blood. She did not let up and kept on punching the rock until Dzuvag pulled her back.
"Let me go!" she screamed as she tried to rush forward, but Dzuvag embraced her, and they sank to the ground. He cradled her as she sobbed.
The suns began to set like great eyes closing their lids. The warmth diminished. The light felt pitiless to Aharah. She cried until she was out of tears and coughed until blood came out. She wiped away the tears and blood. Dzuvag released her.
"What'll you do now?" he asked.
Aharah chewed her lip and was silent in thought. Then she answered.
"I'm going to move this rock," she said. She repeated this mantra to herself. I'm going to move this rock.
"Go on, Dzuvag," she said.
"Go on?"
"Go to the oasis," she said.
"Come with me. It's not a few more hours, we can camp here and make our way tomorrow at dawn," he said.
She looked at him and saw a solemn sadness in his eyes because he knew this was when they would part.
"The oasis is not for me," she said, "this is for me. I don't know how, but I'll figure out how. Like you said, it seemsimpossible. But what if it is not?"
"But you have no food," he said.
"I went forty days without food," she said, "I'll go forty more without it."
"And what if you haven't moved the stone by then?" he asked.
"Then... it was my stone to move. Don't try to convince me otherwise, Dzuvag, and don't say anything to me that'll move me out of my way. I endeavor to do this. I understand more now about my wavering doubt; it was temporary. Conviction is temporary too. But destiny is not. I cannot live without it. I cannot let my story end here. I cannot go back; there is no more forward; there is only through, I reckon," she said.
"I'll bring food for you," Dzuvag said.
"You don't need to," she answered.
"Why? Have you resigned to death now? Is this a death plea? Where does your conviction come from? Is it strength or recklessness?" Dzuvag asked.
Aharah sighed. She closed her eyes and let her breath be one with the wind and searched her feelings inside.
Am I throwing myself away now? What is this? Is this a self-sacrifice or some sort of personal martyrdom? Have I gone on this path for so long that I'm afraid to leave its groove?
"What will you get when you can move this stone? Imagine you become so strong that with one punch you can let fly four tons of earth across the chasm, what then? Is that a power when machines can do it easily? Is it strength you're looking for?"
"It's living my dream—that is what I'm looking for," she said.
"But dreams are not real," Dzuvag said, "they are nocturnal hallucinations, are they not?"
"How could you say this, Dzuvag? What are we if not made of the stuff from dreams? How are we different from beasts, from the monaks and the ritikas and the birds and the fish? I don't know if they dream. I don't know if they follow their dream. But I fathom that dreams are a call to evolution. Like you said, what good is our strength when machines are infinitely stronger? What good are our wits when machines are infinitely quicker? Something makes us human different, it is more than the mechanics of our bodies and the contortions of our minds..."
"What do you reckon it is?" Dzuvag said, and Aharah was surprised by the tone of his voice. He sounded like a child, this old man, and Aharah felt his questions were not guiding her to an answer he already knew. He didn't know. And he really wanted to know. They were both asking the Universe for the answer. They looked to the horizon where the last sliver of the suns still showed. Then it disappeared over the horizon, and the sky transformed from the last bits of orange to oceanic blue. The clouds swirled, and the stars smiled, and the moons rose, one by one, until three hung in the sky and washed the stark land in yellow and white.
"I don't know, but we push the envelope," Aharah said. She got up to her feet. "I'll camp here, don't worry, Dzuvag, you've been good to me. It sent you to save me, but you can't carry me down river on your back for too long."
"I'll miss you, Aharah. It's been a long time since I've talked to another person," Dzuvag said. He opened his pack and gave her his rations.
"No, you take it," Aharah said.
"There'll be food at the oasis," he said. "When you've had your fill, come find me there. It's a half day's walk toward the mountains."
"Dzuvag," Aharah said, "do you think I'll find what I'm looking for?"
"The Tagata?" Dzuvag asked.
Aharah hesitated.
"If it's the Tagata, you're closer than you've ever been," Dzuvag said, pointing to the palm on the rock. "If it's something else... tell me when you find it. I'd like to know too." Aharah nodded.
Dzuvag slung his pack over his shoulder and treaded down the mountain, and in the settling darkness, she lost him in the sands.
[Drive the story forward: Aharah trains on the rock; it breaks; she carries it piece by piece to the next dune and then? A dream leads her home. What's next? The Elephant Wrestler. The Bullet Catcher. The Maze of Thorns]
Aharah beat the sunrise in rising.
She slept in a hovel that she dug out in the side of the dune. In the night, her hands flared with pain like fire. Trembling, she opened her pack and found that Dzuvag had not only left her food but a jar of Vyvyan beetle paste. She covered her hands with it, and by the morning, the cast had hardened. She stepped up to the rock. I'm going to move it, she said to herself.
She planted her feet wide across and dug her heel into the sand. She struck the rock with her right, her left. Quick jabs.
"Economy of motion," the Sword Saint's words returned to her. "Waste nothing. Use everything. If you're angry, channel that anger, hone it like a laser. If you're sad, dig deep into that well, use the flood. If you're tired, fight tired, find a new style. If you have energy, pace yourself and let it multiply."
Aharah tucked her elbows in, drove from her leg through her hip, and expended her energy through her fist. The rock was unmoved. Doesn't matter, she thought, the rock will move. I don't know how, but I'll find a way.
When the suns rose, Aharah was already soaked in sweat. The morning was cold, and mists of heat flung from her body. The cast had already cracked, and bits chipped away. Aharah looked at her bloodied knuckle. I won't be able to achieve my goal through force alone, no matter how strong my hands are, they are still made from bone. She brought her feet in and, with a sweeping circle, folded her hands in and took in a deep breath. She exhaled through her nose.
Think, Aharah, think. What did the Tagata do? He touched the stone and flung it from dune top to dune top. She touched the stone and felt its density. That was a dream... I'm foolish to... she caught her thought mid-stride and let it vanish. It is unhelpful, let it pass. I don't know how the Tagata did it, and if I am able to achieve what he did, perhaps I would be the Tagata, which I am not. Therefore, let me try the only way I know how. This won't be done today. I'll need to find water to sustain me for the duration of this task. But where? The oasis.
Aharah felt sheepish. She had just turned Dzuvag away, now she'd chance upon him there. I feel embarrassed to see him after such a dramatic stand. Suck it up. Shame is also ego. I'll need plenty of water, let me go there, and it would be great fortune, not a shame, to see Dzuvag. He has been nothing but kind to me.
And as the suns rose and lit the way to the mountains, Aharah descended the dune. She went down sideways as Dzuvag had shown her, in a zigzag pattern that stabilized her steps. Then she thought, How will I find my way back? All the dunes look the same... and any trail I leave will be wiped away by a brush of the wind. The stars are outshone by the daylight, so I cannot use them to navigate.
Her rambunctious energy quelled, and her back hunched as she felt dejected. She kicked the sand beneath her feet. Think, Aharah. I can wait for night to travel, then I'll have the stars. I wish I had a compass. Where would I need for that? A sliver of metal and a liquid to float it on, but the metal needs to be sensitive to the magnetic field of Hassan. The sunlight brightened, and she shielded her face. What else could I do? I have nothing to leave tracks. My inventory is merely my spear, my clothes, a bag with rabbit meat and ointments. She sighed and reclined against the dune. I can't leave this spot—I'll surely be lost. I wish I had the stars right now.
The suns rose higher and higher and baked the ground. Heat rose up from the sands. Aharah threw up her hood and rested her head in her hands to cover her gaze from the blinding light. Why is it so bright today? Go away, I don't need you right now, she mumbled to the suns. Unclouded and bright, the domed, blue sky turned white.
Aharah looked at her shadow. It was blurred around the edge. Aharah stared at the boundary. Why is the line not crisp?she wondered. Have I never noticed this before? She closed her eyes.
In the emptiness of her mind, she imagined herself on the sand. The suns shone from her left, and even though it looked as one, they were actually two. Al and Om, twin stars that melded together to the eye because of their brightness, but each one projected a different angle of light. Far, far away in the center of this system, they turned around each other. Sibling planets revolved around them. Hassan spun around in the Goldilocks zone, not too hot, not too cold, just enough to sustain life. It was all a cosmic dance revolving around the suns, and altogether this cluster revolved around something else, and that something else revolved around an even larger gravitational object, and it seemed to go on endlessly. At the center, these twin stars.
The realization was sudden. Aharah opened her eyes and burst out laughing. Twin stars. She kept laughing. They are only called the suns, but they too are stars. They too are fixed. I am a fool. She laughed so hard her abdomen spasmed. It is my mind that is fixed.
Aharah stood up and, shielding her eyes, looked at Al and Om tangled together. They rise from the east, set in the west, and although they move, nothing could be more reliable. The trigonometry is simple.
She planted her spear into the ground and used it as a sundial. She noted the angle of the shadow, its relative angle to the mountains where the oasis was supposed to be, and she noted the relative position of the sun. She smiled.
I cannot be lost now, she thought as energetic confidence and pleasant lightness spread through her body. She plucked the spear out and jogged toward the mountains.
She took the paths of least resistance, weaving between hills and dunes, always keeping the mountains in front of her. By noon, the desert was like an oven. She shed layers of clothes and wrapped them around her waist. The sunskin on her back and arms had not healed yet, but she felt warmth there and a minute bit of photosynthetic energy. When I'm fully healed, I won't need food for weeks. But then hydration will become more of a problem because I'll overheat easily. I'm suited to the grassland and the savannah. This pure desert is hell-hot.
Chittering made her stop. She shuddered and felt a weakness in her knees like before. Ritikas. Aharah wrapped cloth around her head and covered her ears. The sound was muffled, but she trembled unnaturally. Even her teeth ground uncontrollably. Dzuvag said it is not something I can stop. The vibrations pass through my flesh and affect the skeleton. Where's the source coming from?
Aharah looked around. Two dunes created a valley before her. The valley must be amplifying the vibrations and the sound. The ritikas must nest there. If the vibrations are sonic, let me dampen it. Aharah got to her knees and dug a small pit and lay in it. The sand absorbed the sound waves, and she stopped trembling. Half buried, Aharah reclined to her side as she lay prone so she could keep watch on the entrance of the valley. The dunes are large but not insurmountable. And I could use a vantage after being so close to the ground. Let me go there.
Aharah stayed in the sand and, using her legs, shrimped away from the entrance of the valley, and when she had cleared it and gotten around to the base of the dune, she got up and scrambled her way up sideways. When she reached the top, it was mid-afternoon. She followed the line of the dune until it turned into a narrow plateau, and she could see down into the valley. A warren of ritikas swarmed like ants. In the center was the carcass of a large beast, its bone still pink and bloodied. Two small tusks protruded out of a twisting mesh of rodents. Aharah gasped. It is an elephant youngling. Poor calf. She lowered her head and murmured a quick prayer to herself:
In the cycle Life and death are continued Wrapped around one another Like brother and brother Like sister and sister Wrangling forever Let not the cage of the flesh Stay your flight to the Promise Blessed be your spirit, let fly To every beginning, an ending From every ending, a beginning One day, I too Shall declare victory over this life And be welcomed home
"In the Name of Alom, the Alpha and the Omega,” Aharah said, ending her prayer, and sped away from the cacophony. She ran atop the dune until the valley was behind her, and when she reached the edge, she scanned the desert floor from her vantage point. She looked to the mountain, and her eyes widened. Could it be? A patch of greenery with ferned leaves and flower-dotted hedge met her eye. She could smell the aroma of honey, fruits, even the musk of animals, and she could hear the braying of beasts splashing themselves and the barking and roaring of challenging animals.
Aharah rushed down the sand. She forgot her footing and fell and rolled toward the bottom. She skidded to a stop. Sand and dust settled around her. She coughed and spat out mud. She could only laugh at herself. Folly; step sideways, remember that. She picked herself up and dusted herself off and turned to walk with dignity toward the oasis.
But the image vanished, and in its place was more desert.
She could not help herself. Aharah roared in anger. Sand slid from the dune where she had tumbled and washed past her up to her ankles. Aharah took in all the air she could and sighed loudly. She plucked her feet out of the sand and stomped until the ground was packed hard.
What use is hurting yourself? The Sword Saint's voice came to her mind. What use is anger taken out against yourself? Who is to pay? Not the self that is angered.
Aharah stood still and let her body go limp. She felt anger rising and crashing like waves against the flesh from which it was expressed. Wave after wave came, and she let them hit her until gradually they diminished to ripples.
A warrior cannot be a warrior without the highest awareness of sensation, the Sword Saint said, but if the warrior is overtaken by her sensations, what does she become?
A raging animal, a young Aharah had answered.
And what does a raging animal do?
It destroys everything in sight.
Does a warrior merely destroy?
No. A warrior—a true martial artist—creates.
What does this true warrior create?
Peace. A true warrior creates peace through strength.
Is strength the highest attribute of a warrior?
No.
What is?
Courage.
And what is the highest form of courage?
The courage to face oneself.
Why?
Because...
Aharah opened her eyes. The suns were setting, and it was nearing evening. She planted her spear, noted the change in the angle of the shadow, calculated the line from the mountains back to the Tagata rock. She turned and sped back.

The evening was as cold as the day was hot and it got colder. Aharah dug a hovel in the leeward side of the dune and nested within. Winds blasted the dune from the other side its howl competed with the howling of apex predators of the night. Blurred and mishapen shadows passed below. Aharah dug herself in deep and pulled the dune over herself like a blanket, or a shield. Those things passed in parades, a legion of shade-like centipedes that murmured in uncanny human tongues. Help—she heard—help. But Aharah stayed. The Sword Saint had warned me of mimics in this strange land who use language as lure. Where had Dzuvag gone? He went into the night and he had disappeared. But did I see his footsteps continue on? Perhaps he too was a dream. Then that familiar voice of doubt crept in with the unceasing flurry of wind cutting like knives through anything exposed. Out here, you need to have a carapace. Really tough skin. Or you won’t survive. Perhaps, go back. The voice of doubt said. Aharah turned and let it pass her by, but its needling left her  colder inside. She felt herself sink.
It would be easier to go home, she thought, but home… home has not felt like home in a long time. When did it feel like home—that was childhood, when the rooms promised warmth and soup was served and I had a sense of innocense about the world. How I long for that back—but, perhaps wonderment only belong to the youth. The young can’t survive here. That youngling elephant must have exhausted early in the migration. What a fate, to be gnawed through by rats and eaten from the inside. But disenchantment has no power. Not like innocense. Innocense held possibilities, it held potential. Disenchanted, the body lives but the mind dies. What is there in the middle? A half-being. One cannot stand on two boats and neither can one be innocent and disillusioned at the same time. Perhaps children are the bravest because they are fearless in interpreting the world, which ages as one ages, facts are ossified by time, carved like lines in stone. But for the children, they are like the sand, nothing etches on them for long. Until innocence is lost and they too become stone. Aharah sighed.
The slithering shadows wrapped around the dunes and crawled out of sight. The waning slivers of the moons caught their tails in silver, sharp and knife-like. Blown by the wind, the dunes themselves moved. The humped giants rolled like the back of turtles, slouching away from their forceful whippers, the winds. The air had its moods. The pungent cinnamon and smell of iron that perfumed the desert during the day gave way to the smell of dried ocean at night. Salt pervaded the air, her hair, and her tongue. Aharah licked her lips, they were chapped and dry. At home I could use some beezwax as balm to cover my wounds. But here, the salt reminds me that even oceans dry; what recourse do I have again such elemental forces? I’m made of meat. What a strange thought to have. It is stranger to feel the creaking of my bones. They rub and fit together like a log cabin—am I not some House of Flesh that has gained sentience? A temple they call it, but every temple I’ve seen has been made from marble, metal, sandstone—materials that last many of my lifetimes. There’s a sense they are cleaner. There is no blood, no pus, no defecation. They are formed from particulates, congealed by the crushing weight of gravity, then go to particulates again just as these sands were once mountains. Is this sad? I don’t think so. It is noble. They don’t rot… they don’t hold onto this thing that weakens, wrinkles, and rot… when I die I hope they burn me cleanly to calcium…
Lulled by all the noises of the desert that came together as a slow, low roar, Aharah closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
[Continue from her dream; What does she see? Is this a dream sequence??!]
[L4 — the Tagata and the rock; prophesy of her home burning; calling to return]

In her dream, she was returning home. Fog, mist, and rain covered the mountain pass. Roads, long broken and abandoned, weaved their way through. Her heart pounded and hot blood coursed through her, but she clutched her arms around her body. The clouds moved overhead and it was twilight. The suns were in the sky but they provided no light, merely dim like sapped lamps. The moons were there too, four of them, glowing ancient and white, growing ever larger until they ate the sun. The moons disappeared, their dark bodies invisible to the cosmos without light reflected from the sun. Only the stars showed above, all the brilliant stars, more stark and beautiful than ever in this dark world. She saw an eye, a nose, lips that moved, and with a gust of wind, the stars said, Aharah, you left me. How could you leave me?
“Star?” Aharah asked, “Is that you?”
“You left us—where did you go? When will I see you again?”
“Anais,” Aharah said her sister’s name, “Anais, where are you?”
“Come home Aharah, we need you. I need you,” the Face in the Stars said.
“But I can’t yet. I’m the Lyonessa and I have to find the Tagata, stop the war.”
“What war? There is no war. They call you a lunatic. A coward. Our family is besmirched because of you. They attack Nala on the streets eventhough she’s sick. They pick on me at school. Why do you protect the people who hate you?” the Face in the Stars said, and tears dripped down like shooting stars. “Are you better than us? Are we not good enough for you?”
Aharah began to run. The pass through the mountains pulled away. In this dark world, there was no light, until suddenly, red and orange glowed in the distance. Aharah hurdled over a rusted barrier and climbed an old, overhanging tree and looked to where the City was. The warm glow brightened from beyong the mist until it spread. Orange and yellow diffused through the smog.
The city was on fire.
Aharah covered her mouth from screaming. Hordes of machine men and mutant beasts roamed the city. A divine beast with the face of a man and a crown of horns held up a struggling woman by the throat. She kicked and fought, but the beast overpowered her and slit her throat. Her blood ran into its mawn. The woman’s lifeless head twisted and looked at Aharah with her purple eyes.
“You did this—I was supposed to be the Lyonessa. It was my destiny and you stole it from me,” the woman said.
Aharah shook her head in denial.
“You were sick, Nala, you couldn’t. You’d have died, I did what I had to do,” Aharah said but her words couldn’t reach the City. The beast tore Nala apart and discarded her body. Aharah screamed, and the air carried her to the City. She ran to her old home that was on fire. She could hear screams from inside and those trapped inside pounded on the door. Aharah beat on the door until her hands were broken but it would not move. She grabbed the lock to tear it away but it burned white hot from the fire. She screamed and clutched her hand in pain.
The house crumbled and fell.
A girl rose from the rubble. It was Anais. Burned and disfigured, Anais ambled toward Aharah. “Was this your plan?” Anais said, “did you send them to us?” She fell into Aharah’s hand and broken into pieces.
Aharah looked around her. The City was gone. The hordes surrounded her and the divine beast descended on her. It opened its mouth with its thousand tongues to swallow her.
…
She awoke to find the Tagata rock cracked beneath her bloodied fists, fragments clutched in her hands. It was dawn and the sky was set ablaze.

Dzuvag slung a salted hind leg of monak and a leather pouch of water up the dune. When he reached the top, the Tagata rock was gone. So was Aharah.
From his vantage, he looked toward the high dune across the chasm. The Tagata rock stood there, in a stack of small stones. Aharah had broken it and moved the rock piece by piece. Dzuvag smiled and went on his way.

[End of Woman on the Dune— Aharah’s first arc]
[Up next, The Elephant Wrestler]
[L4: the Ego, the disintegration of “the Self” into smaller and smaller pieces “the-pride-self; the-pride-happy-self; the-pride-happy-resentful-self” all become voices and characters. Right now her thoughts are in a single block; eventually she’ll figure out who is speaking]