Anais had a dream that night.
As Aharah walked up to the moonlit mountain top, the stars watched down like eyes.
In that dream, they could bend matter. They could swirl energy and move it around. They could hold it in matter, and let it release in an explosion. They could make matter blow away like dust. Aharah and her were standing in front of a doorway. The gates are inlaid under a stone archway carved from sandstone and lined with ceramic art. Upon china blue skies engraved in the ceramic, gods and demigods were at play at each other’s throats. The humans were consulted as arbiters, but displeasing both sides, were aside.
Aharah sat on a stone, grinding her sword. Anais paced around the bushes. The dome of the Oracle suspended above, but Anais was looking down, paying it no attention.
The sound of the grindstone was metalic and rhythmic. Sparks flew from the blade’s edge when the grind was smooth and had friction.
Anais looked at the door.
Why isn’t Aharah going in? Could the door be opened? No, she would have checked. When did they tell us to meet them here? Are we early? Late? I hope I haven’t misremembered some catchphrase or password of the night.
She scanned the bushes. A small bore rustled through between two dried brush.
“Can I come with you when you leave?” Anais asked.
Aharah looked at her with eyebrows raised.
“[It’s like following a burn victim into a fire],” Aharah said in the old language.
Anais couldn’t understand it. She kicked some rocks while the moons formed a chain. Each full moon touched the other and their overlapping shadows danced like petals. Each moon, casting its own shadow, had the world suspended in a fractal.
Then that moment passed. And Anais stepped forward with a surprised inhale. She nearly tripped when her feet hit a pothole.
Aharah shook her head. “[Walking like a blind monkey]”
Anais steadied herself. She gathered her breath and walked over to Aharah.
“When do you think they’ll let us in?” she asked.
“Let us?” Aharah questioned her phrasing.
Anais faked a cough. She rocked on her feet and straightened her pleats.
“Did they mention a time?” Anais asked. “I seem to have forgotten.”
[Drive the story forward]
Aharah continued grinding the stone in silence. Anais folded her arms and paced around until the moons had settled near a pocket in the dip of the mountains. She yawned and she walked nearby the gate enough that in her exhausted state, Anais reached out after her yawn and pull on the doorhinge. The door, heavy, opened silently on floating hinges, gliding above the floor. Dust hovered as the door came over it then settled.
The interior was lit.
Why hadn’t I thought to try the door? Anais thought. I thought she had tried it.
“Shush,” a deep, female voice said, “quiet your thoughts and come in. You’re late.”
Anais bowed and entered quickly. She found herself in a large square room with four pillars supporting it. All the Initiates wore heavy and plush robes with their heads trapped in metal masks bolted with antennae.
“Why have you come?”
“I’m seeking something,” Anais said.
“What is it you seek?” the voice asked.
“My sister searches for the Tagata. Could I find the Tagata for her?”
“That is not your search. I can only reveal your search to you,” the voice said.
“What is this Place that I’ve found myself?” Anais asked. The Initiates all stopped their pacing and sat down to meditate. Priests beat small drums repeatedly by twirling sticks between their hands—tethered weights struck the drumheads.

[Drive the story forward]
[L4: Ideas connecting to motivation makes the story more compelling]
[L2: Dialogue should be contemporary and not medieval]


“Where am I?” Anais asked.
The Initiates all stopped their pacing and sat down to meditate. Priests beat small drums repeatedly by twirling sticks between their hands—tethered weights struck the drumheads. Ba bum.
The roof began to open outwardly, folding away like oragami. A sea of stars met her gaze. The monks kept their gaze downward and chanting. A bat flew by like a swan deeping water and the sky rippled. The monks’ chants got shorter and more focused. Their voices quieted and pupils scattered around beneath their eyelids. The sound of bells materialized as canopy loosened chimes at its folded corners. The sky was opened to them. Only Anais looked up.
The Sky looked back and it was one big spiral eye.
“What is this?” she asked.
“The Iris of the Storm,” the Oracle said.

Aharah backed away from the tank. In it, Anais was asleep— suspended in aerated fluids.
The canopy of the building had opened. But it was not a temple but an observatory. The lid of the observatorium opened. Floating sparks passed on a glassy, cosmic, black river.
“This Iris of the Storm— what does it do?” Aharah asked.
“It foresees the future,” the Oracle said. Behind her tall, sagely head-cover, Aharah saw cables discreetly hidden that ran beneath the floor.
The Oracle isn’t just one woman. She’s one with this temple. They are the Oracle, human and machine.
The Oracle noticed Aharah’s gazed and looked at the cables.
“I’m not hiding anything from you,” the Oracle said. “Beneath this floor—— hundreds of cables connect us together. The Astromancery and I.” 
Aharah looked at Anais. Carbon Dioxide periodically cycled out of her breather and bubbled up like large jelly fish. She fidgeted then relaxed.
“How does it work? Why do you need Anais?” Aharah asked.
“Astromancy divines by glimpsing at light from far into the future. When all the planets are aligned with the suns, our solar system gains the astral lensing effect to see light from a distant future. Anais is leading the sangha in calculating the astronomical date of the alignment.”

[L4: Joy— enjoying the craft— seeing the craft—]
[Why is she at the Oracle? What needs to be seen? Inspiration: The Persians and Romans sided together against the Huns. The Persians got the Romans to finance a fort in Persia against the Huns. If Shakya falls; the enemy goes toward Haz; If Haz fails, there won’t be humanity.]

“Oracle, what do you see?” Aharah asked.
“The ocean is teeming,” the Oracle said, her eyes brightening. She walked toward the open dome of the Astromancery. “The fishfolk are spawning and soon a great brood will come onto land.”
“When’ll they attack us?” Aharah asked.
“Winter—when we are cut off from the Haz by the toxic desert,” the Oracle said. The chanting of the monks softened still to a constant murmur. An electric spark ignited in the machine that connected them. Aharah stifled the fire with her cloak.
“We must let the Haz know,” Aharah said.
“Why?” the Oracle said. “They are our rivals.”
“But they’re not our enemies,” Aharah said. She came closer to the Oracle.
The Oracle scrunched her nose at Aharah’s impudence to step so close.
“How will we let them know? The last of the orabaun sattelites have passed,—” the Oracle said. Aharah remembered the trail of pearls that she had witnessed under the night sky with Dzuvag that night. “We cannot communicate with the Haz until the satellites return; Spring at the earliest.”
“We can send a runner,” Aharah said.
“And what would this runner do?” the Oracle asked.
“Ask for reinforcement,” Aharah said. She sat on her knees beside the Oracle and bowed.
“Please send me,” She said.
“I haven’t decided we are sending anyone yet,” the Oracle hissed. She spun and drew her cloak close around her.
“Anais also passed another vision to me,” Aharah said. “It was a vision of this city burning. A horde of insects and a locust king had conquered the city. That’s why I’ve come back.” She kept her head lowered, eager to hear the Oracle’s reply.
“Is that why? I’ve heard you barely made it back,” the Oracle said, her voice lowering and turning into a menacing hiss like a snake’s. “…After taking the Lyonessa vow to never return until your task is done. Now we have to put you to death for cowardice and promote a new Lyonessa.”
Why did I come back? For this? Aharah thought.
“Please, let me live—just for a season. Let me help with the defense against the fishmen. That way, I can live my life a bit longer to serve my people.”
“That would delay the new Lyonessa and I cannot have that,” the Oracle said.
“Where would the Lyonessa go? The desert is blocked,” Aharah said.

The next day, Aharah found Anais and told her everything. They lingered in the garden. The maples had turned yellow and blood orange.
“That was foolish of you to do,” Anais said.
“I had to delay them,” Aharah said. Anais abided by picking at her dress buttons. “Why was it foolish?”
“To volunteer for yet another person’s sake,” Anais said.
“What do you mean by that?” Aharah asked.
“I’m just saying. First taking Lyonessa for Nala’s sake. Now going to the front for my sake,” Anais said.
“I’m not going to the front for your sake,” Aharah snapped, “I’m going for all of ours’ sake.”
“All of ours? You have a real savior complex, you know that?” Anais said as she stood up.
“Anais—that’s very hurtful,” Aharah said, bending a reed. The stone bench that she sat on was frigid, having absorbed all of the night’s cold. “You don’t really mean that,” Aharah said. “They’re getting to you.”
“They—!” Anais threw her hands up and paced away. “You don’t even think I can think for myself.” Anais turned and said.
“What else was I to do? The Oracle was going to order my execution,” Aharah said. Anais dropped her shoulders and let the weight of Aharah’s words hit her.
“Execution?” she said, her voice uneven.
“That’s my punishment,” Aharah said.
“You shouldn’t have come back,” Anais said, her voice growing frantic. “You can run away.”
“I can’t run away,” Aharah said. She turned her palm over and a gem-key had been inserted into her wrist.
“This is crazy,” Anais said, pacing in a circle.
Aharah traced the skin around the embedded gem key. The procedure had happened so quickly. The Oracle had taken her hand and she felt a quick stab—then the pain was gone.
“I’ll go with you,” Anais said.
Aharah lifted her mind out of her fog of thoughts. “Come with me?” she said.
“To the front,” Anais said.
“To fight mutant Oceanspawn?” Aharah said.
“Yes,” Anais said seriously.
Aharah laughed. “You’re out of your mind,” she said.
“I’m serious—”Anais said. She returned to Aharah’s side. “I can carry gear and spot. I have combat experience.”
“In a sim?” Aharah said.
“A hundred thousand sims,” Anais said. “Fine then; you tell me another alternative.”
Aharah looked at her sister. “Wait for me to come back,” she said.
“—Come back to your execution,” Anais stated. “That is—if you come back. Don’t you see? The solution seems sane in comparison.”
“I don’t condone this,” Aharah said.
“Not yours to condone,” Anais said.
They stared at one another for a moment. A crsip, brown leaf drifted down between them.
“You don’t know what you’re getting yourself into,” Aharah said. “This will be war. The ocean spawns mutants every bit as intelligent as we are—but they are cold-blooded and feel no pain and amass in numbers after spawning season.”
“Well I’m not letting you go alone again,” Anais said. “And how else am I going to learn? I’ve been training for as long as you and Nala. It’s time to put these skills to test.”
Aharah shook her head.
“Some lessons are not worth the experience,” Aharah said. “I think you’re making a mistake.”
Anais nodded her head. “I’ll make a note of it,” she said, standing up.
Aharah stood up beside her.
“If I had known I would pull you deeper into this mess with me, I would not have come back,” Aharah said. The mid-morning breeze tuged more dried leaves off their stalks.
“Then why did you come back? Did’t you see say it was because of some awful vision?” Anais said, her voice growing annoyed. “Maybe your coming back is what’s making it come true.”
Anais let her words ring out. She headed for the open arch in the garden without looking back.

[Drive the story forward]
[L3 connect: Wait a story break— until they show up on the beach. Go with clones for now.]




[L3/L4: Why? What do they want and why can’t they have it? Honest: Anais, dance fancy in the capital. Can’t because of war. Aharah, wants to escape the confines of her society and seek meaning.]

[L3/L4: What is this saying? Idea? What is this society? What society do I live in? An ubereats society. Theirs is a what? Technology has slipped by—how long has it been since Hassan? If it is truly a binary sun system consisting of one sun from another solar system, it could be hundreds of millions of years into the future. What have humans done by then? If humans still survive, then we have survived by adapting. How does a human adjust to this and is there continuous culture? What happened to Earth that it becomes Hassan? What happened to the AI on Earth? How did humans stay dormant for so long? On Earth: Become one with the Machine, y/n? On Hassan: Become one with the more dominant species, y/n?
From Earth to Hassan: how and why? Humanity reaches perfection with the emergence and union with the Machine Prophet. Then Humanity is taken on a three hundred million year tour of the Galaxy as a passenger on a strong burst of solar wave. Eventually a visited solary system entangles with Sol and the repetition of the waves, “life as information,” recreate life on future Hassan in this binary star system. Although, the planet spins closer to Sol than the other mother star. More dependent on the “father.”
What’s the point? After traveling so long, the spirit of Humanity must be wary and wise. It konws that seeing more experiences will not take it through evolution. So it plots a way for Humanity to evolve by upholding logic and love in harmony with one another and the larger natural world.
It does this by forcing evolutionary pressure. The pressure comes from physical threats: The fishmen; The chimeras in the crater; spooks and spirits; the microwave anomalies; the electorate; etc; etc. The pressure comes from mental challenges: The Rock of the Tagata; The Maze of Thorns; The Kaleidascope Steps.
They—should be moved to action. The main characters must lead!
What if—the Fishmen are already attacking and [they] have been assigned to reach their enemies, the Haz, for backup. Could they make it past the Vyvyan Desert before Winter and have an army to come? The fishmen are attacking in the Winter when they are cut off. How much time does she have in reaching them? Then what? What about the beginning when she is training on the rock? That should be related to a broader training sequence. Right now they are called to get reinforcements.]

[L4-: simplifying, removing Lyonessa concept for now. We’re going to have convenient amnesia and ret-con some stuff. Aharah needs to deliver a message to the Haz for reinforcements. This could be a good opportunity to show that the  Shakyans have lost knowledge of their technology. The battery that keeps the fishmen at bay have stopped working. Aharaha thinks they should relay a message to the Haz. Others think the Haz will use the opportunity to attack the Jian Border (Eastern Border with the Vermilian Desert). The Haz wants total control of the land for defense against the evolving fauna. A group led by Nnenna’s rivals want to find a solution to the batteries. Nnenna and therefore Aharah want to reach out to the Haz. Why would they want to reach out to the Haz? Because the solution may not be found in time. What do the fishmen want? Flood. They want to flood the land and terraform it for living. How intelligent are they? Are they symbolic or applicable to a symbol? The fauna are all related. The fishmen and the microwave angels are “shadows” of the higher intelligence incubating in the crater. The fishmen are biological, physical evolutions. The microwave angels are low-fidelity projections of the daemons/spirits in the data tombs. Go on with this, what is a higher intelligence attempting with the microwaves? A being without a physical body.

Simplify: How about let’s drop this concept for now. The Haz are just waiting for now. There’s the Crater. There’s evolving mega-fauna. What about the fishmen? Let’s keep them for now.

Or, cut them out?

What really is “danger?” Instead of literary jump-scares, what are really compelling evolutionary pressures humans will go through to evolve? What is the next stage?

Will there be one?]

[Drive the story forward and use the levels to be compelling]

[L4: Work through Wonderbook nonstop for 6-7 days.]
[L4: What are the character’s idiosyncrasies? What are their quiet obsessions?]
[L3: Use specific details and imagery to make a scene believable and compelling; immersive]
[L3/L4: The seige against the Fishmen; let’s try it as in; lfg]

It was black on the beach. It was black in the sky. Only a band of moonlight separated rising streams of clouds. The sky parted in an oval and the moon glowed from behind. She felt its pull, she felt how heavy and massive it was out there beyond the sky. The waves brushed the beach making shasha sounds in the dark. White foam gave away the outline of the waves as they retreated. Tiny bubbles emerged on the sand as buried mollusks and crusteaceans inhlaed the air.
Aharah walked barefoot, testing the sand. She remarked on spots where the sand could be swept away. An auto-drone followed her and took notes. Its light lit their way. The command spread to the other drones who also looked for similar telemetrical advantages. Three mapping drones passed by slow and low; their gazing eyes protruding downward from tehir bellies penetrated the surface of the water. They dove into the water. A model of the landscape beneath the water showed on Aharah’s visor.
She walked away from the beach inland. She looked up at the humming batteries sitting ready and charged on the embankment. A faint gleam revealed the defensive shields on the turrets. Soliders like her checked the beach. They hoveled together near heated bunkers. Since the bunker housed four, the fifth man of the squad was usually standing guard outside awkwardly.
Aharah walked up to the skitish guard, a lanky youth with oily black bangs and shaky knees. He was attempting to light a cigarette. The wind made it impossible. The flame in his handy uni-tool died constantly to the wind. Aharah gave his burner a shield with her hands and the fire caught on the cigarette tip. The lanky soldier gave it a drag, his mouth pulled on one side.
“Thanks,” he said.
“Why are you not in your bunker?” Aharah asked.
“It’s fine, the fish ain’t here yet,” he said, shuddering from the cold. The soldier took another drag. He raised his hand to shield his eyes from the auto-drone’s light.
“Would ya turn that down?” he said.
With a slight nod from Aharah, the auto-drone changed its light to red.


[L3: Play around with different images of “future” and “why”—inconsistencies are allowed for impulses.]




