“If you are kidnapped, activate your insurance policy immediately. Splinters will be deployed with a 98% chance of recovery in the first 24 hours. 60% of recovered persons remain near †functional.”
—Key Persons Insurance Policy Agreement, Allegiant Insurance Co., an arm of New Ethics

“I’ve been having dreams,” he said.
“What sort of dreams,” the dream doula asked.
“Of a girl, a small girl, young girl, somewhere obscene.”
“What is she doing?”
“I don’t know.”
“Where is she?”
“Blue. Red. Green… I don’t know.”

For those who needed the information, the news broke quickly: Nolen Dawn had a daughter. And she was a neuromancer.

For those who needed to know, strange powers brokered the information: Nolen Dawn has a living daughter.
The bulletin quickly spread, adding: She had gone missing. Her Key Person Policy was active.s
Then came the bounty. It started at 50 million BIPS, accrued 10% an hour, until either she was recovered, her policy limit had been reached, or her death was confirmed.
It is the twenty-first hour, and the bounty had balloned to a 370 million jackpot.

The hanunoid didn’t believe. It assigned probabilities. For each minute its mistress went unfound, the likelihood of rescue decreased by 0.20%. And, according to its calculation, it had six more hours until her odds reached zero. It followed the commotions on the Net.

Between Scylla and Chrybdis, in the Tartarean crucible of battle, garbage collection, and recycle, where weightless daemons are invoked and extinguished between clocked moments, strange powers brokered this information: Nolen Dawn has a living daughter.
This signal rode above the noise. The news spread quickly.
“She was a ward of Sun Tian,” the threads whispered.
“She’s been kidnapped,” other strands added.
“…By who?”
“…New Ethics? …The Board?”
“…Gutter Kids? …Spooks?”
“Where is she?!”
The question jumped across the synapses of power.
Shielded by glaciers of BurnBlackIce so gargantuan and thick that to witness them spilling over the data peaks was to witness the unrolling tongue of dead Kronos, the wixxans in their sharded covens chanted in union: “The daughter will kill the Father. Bless the coming Machine Prophet! Truth! Truth to the Neuromancer!”
The Net felt their seismic shout.


