Marcos sipped from a tall single-use cup of coffee. The San Francisco bay was shining. The clouds spread thick and white, while small cotton balls dangled above Alcatraz Island. That was his view. His own apartment on a hill overlooking the water, the famous prison-turned-tourist-trap and most importantly, the Golden Gate Bridge. The latter—the Bridge—looked like a piece from monopoly. But like how those pieces are supposed to miniature life, the Bridge maximized it. It stood so tall, regent, restful, and grand—especial on such days as this. A Tuesday.
The coffee had honey in it. And heavy cream, cooked to three times steamed then vacuum cooled. He was on his fifth one today. Marco grabbed another and signaled to his robo-servant “Pascal,” to go and get the drink. He wrapped his shawl around him and went to the rounded turret of his apartment. Looking outward from there, he had a sweeping view; but to anyone passing, he was the sweeping view. The on-lookers thought they caught a moment in a man’s perfect bliss. Once again, it was a Tuesday.
Marcos walked out on to the lawn and fetched the papers. The city’s alarm bells were muted by the personal wrap around the buildings on the block. It was a legacy job and came with the apartment. No one living there thought it would be put to use.
“You see anything?” his upstairs neighbor yelled at her. She clutched at a small dog whom she called “Tony.”
Marcos looked around. The streets were emptied. He had a shuttle waiting. The notification beeped and hummed. But he could not remember the reason. It was an awful blank in his mind. He fixated on remembering, which only further delayed it.
“Tony smells something bad happened over there,” his neighbor said. She was still in her bathrobes with a towel drying her hair. She skillfully applied make-up to half of her face as she spoke, “last time it was burglars. And Tony was right—no one believed him.”
Marcos shook off her comments and got the papers. On the way back, he noticed the improvement in his shoulder mobility and the straightness of his posture. Puffing out his chest, he literally felt better. He ran into another neighbor, a quiet, older gentleman with sunglasses. Marcos kept his chest inflated and let the moment pass. He exhaled without missing a beat and threw the newspaper into the communal bowl. Doug was watching cartonos on the couch. Marcos peeked over.
“Andy and Ollie are coming over to trade pokemon, you want in?” Doug asked.
Marcos shrugged. An intense sense of belowing surged through him and he almost wanted to cry. But on the surface, he accepted the request and went to the kitchen. He leaned his hands on the counter a minute then pillaged the fridge. A tower of cheeses, meats, and ketchup and veggies made a decker of a sandwich.
The tv crackled with the zany boinks and bonks of action cartoons. There was a flash to the edge of the tv, like an illuminated pond.
“That’s the night I saw it,” Marcos said.
“Saw what?” Bruce asked.
They are back in Marcos’s apartment. Now Bruce played an sensory image tape and it got to be this point.
“What did you see?” Bruce asked.
“The Entertainment—the greatest, would be, last of all things, ultimate way to spend your time. If you have any.” Marcos said.
“What did you do then?” Bruce asked. He relaxed his legs and reclined in to his chair.
“I—I got it immediately. Like the millions of other people. We saw a unified game, game engine, game platform, socal platform, sim, and hardware grind. It was all in one machine. We could not be more intrigued. This company had spent a quarter of its resources—burnt—last minute rewrites, hiring and firing, reinstalling a new interim-ceo while the game is going through the crunch. One hell of a story. But—the release of the Box was that night on tv.”
“Tell me more about it,” Bruce asked. He marked down “Box;”
“We were all hunched around, me and my cousins. It was Thansgiving and we were like 10; 11. And the tv went blank for fifteen seconds. Trucker thought he’d broke it, and we were going to corroborate. When the commercial came on. It was hardcore. It don’t even remember my first time, but it was the first time I’d seen a tit on tv. The whole experience was glorious.”
“The Box?”
“Think “Outside the Box”,” Marcos said as he mimed the great CEO who had said it. Marcos paced around with more energy, muttering the phrase to himself.
“Give yourself to the Box,” Marcos said. He stopped. Bruce stopped tapping his feet and sat up.
“Give yourself to the Box,” Marcos said and framed the words in the air with his hands. “Give yourself…” He waved the imaginary words away.
“It was the first synthetic-hybrid beasts. A muscular, neural-network encased in the shell of a Box. When it was plugged it, the “Box” would enable a network of shared dreams. When you got it, they asked for access to your DNA. With a little of that, your own synth-beast with an inclination to video gaming—was born.”
Marcos stopped and looked out his tall windows. The water looked calm from a distance. The Sun was shining but a shadow covered the mountain. An armada of clouds portended rain again. 