The Real Lyonessa

Anais of the Jian clan waited for her sister, Aharah’s, return along the waterfront. The waves roiled jaggedly. Herons and gulls glided along the water’s surface placid as can be while hairs of rain turned into a moonsoon’s downpour before letting up again gently. Large, thick blankets of grey clouds covered the sky and when the winds blew just right, the clouds opened a portal to let in light and it looked like some angelic eye.
“Auntie” waited with Anais, dressed in her purple green upturned skirt with corrugated pleats near her waist. Her blouse was equally eccentric and asymetrical. The ancient automaton had been with the family since Anais could remember and her great-grandparents had told her “auntie” could be hundreds if not thousands of years old— she could even be one of the original. Her bronzen face had turned green with time and her cheeks glistened from the many small Jian hands that burnished them. Anais wore a simple, eggshell-colored unitard that warded off the rain and kept her warm. She released the transparent hood that covered her face and despite auntie’s protest, she relished in the freshness and the coolness of falling water. The bits of rain stung, and Anais smiled.
The sky winked and darkened. A battered figure turned around the bend of the road from Eastward. She was covered in dirty rags and limped on a leg. Both hands were wrapped in muddied cloth that had been shredded from her midrift. Anais could see her ribs protruding from her thin skin that shone golden in places even in the twilight of the morning.
“The Lyonessa,” auntie said with urgency in her voice. But she stayed standing where she was, eventhough her body propelled forward as if magnetized toward her once vibrant and hard-headed ward.
“Go to her,” Anais said, her voice quiet and soft, tinged with longing. Released from standing, Autie was off, sprinting faster than a leopard. Her thick pleats cut through the air like fins.
She could almost fly if she ran fast enough, Anais thought, and she would do that if it meant safety for us…
Auntie shrank into the distance.
Anais propped herself up to stand. The ground beneath her was uneven. It had once been part of a great levee that housed the first batteries. The cannon emplacement guarded against a war that never came from the sea. The formation of ice in minute crevices had cracked the concreate, and the subsequeting melting, salting, and ever-present winds wore the once great wall down to a mound. Now it was good for watching sunrises and sunsets.
It had been here when I saw Aharah off two seasons ago. I was the only one… Everyone said she would fail. And now she has returned seemingly without victory. Her body is battered and broken. Has she been defeated? I have never seen Aharah give up… but I have also never left the safety of the City. I don’t know what she has gone through and I refuse to believe she has given up… she must have a reason…


[L3: They must go see the oracle]
[L4: Prophesies; Destinies; Do I go to Korea or stay?]
[Plot: No one believes Aharah’s dream of the city burning; They go to see the Oracle; The armies are routed to the wrong place when their enemies attack]
[L4: Technology; Morality of technology; How can technology be tools of Enlightenment?]
[L4: Maya— technology that makes people indistinguishable from one another visually? How to avoid race as an issue?]
[L3: Images and Plot: It is the greatest shame for the Lyonessa to return victoryless; Beating the horse; The Lyonessa revealed; Fight off the crowd; General Nahlah; Meeting with the Sword Saint; Who is the real Lyonessa?; The Sword Saint’s true thoughts; Going to the Oracle; a dream or a prophesy; crying wolf; how They tell the story; exile; leaving with Anais]

Auntie reached Aharah with outstretched arms, ready to cradle her. But Aharah refused.
“Let me help you walk at least,” Auntie said.
Aharah’s heart was full of warmth on seeing her family’s automaton. If machines could cry, their eyes would be full of rust, Aharah thought. She relented and smiled. Warm tears came to her eyes and she tried to speak but she could only cry.
“You’re safe now,” Auntie said. She bowed her shoulder for Aharah to rest her arm and carried her forward, one hobbled stride after the next.
Aharah tried to contain herself. But it had been so long since she felt any closeness. And, as powerful as Auntie was, Aharah could hear the creaking in her joints. The automaton was centuries old and the technology to maintain and fix them are long lost. Auntie would outlast them, but even she would not last forever. And it was this sense of their epheremal existence compounded by her pain and strife and broke Aharah down. And when they reached Anais, she was a sobbing mess.
Anais calmly and gently took Aharah into her arms and held her sister as the rain gently wept. Aharah’s chest heaved as she gasped for breath. She wiped her tears away but she could not stop, so ravaged is her psyche and body from her trial.
What has happened? This is not the Aharah I know, Anais thought. Aharah, who was once a Shakyan martial champion, who once had legs as strong as a steed and arms as powerful as a leopard, was now a bag of sticks. Her hands were wrapped and broken; Her skin had been burned layers down by the suns; and her shoeless foot was cut through. Anais had tried to be stoic and strong—like a wall to lean on as Aharah had been for her when she was young—but she could not help herself and she also gave in. And the two sisters, shielded by Auntie’s pleated umbrella, stayed together, sobbed, told whole stories without saying a word.
When their tears had run dry and their bodies shivered from the cold, Anais lifted Aharah’s face. Those fierce, warrior eyes could not look at her. It had only been two seasons but lines wrinkled the corner of her eyes, made more prominent by mud and tears. Her once black blazen hair was now brittle and grey. Anais felt a sadness so deep that she could sink into her gut and fall forever.
“Aharah, it’s okay. You’re okay,” Anais said but Aharah still could not look at her.
Anais kissed her sister on the cheek.
“Are you ashamed of me?” Aharah asked.
“Never,” Anais said, so adamantly that the clouds themselves lifted and the sky brightened. “I could never be ashamed of you.”
“I’ve come back without the Tagata,” Aharah said.
“But you came back,” Anais said with a smile.
Aharah looked at her, her chest sunkend low, her back bowed.
“I’ve come back…” Aharah said, “I don’t know if I’ve come back. I’ve left a great part of myself in the Wilderness.”
“Then leave it, you survive without it. I don’t care who you are. My love for you is unconditional. Success. Failure. That’s not who you are. That’s a matter for the world. Come, take on this cloak Auntie has sown for you. We will go back to the house. You don’t have to be the Lyonessa…” Anais said. But she was interrupted.
“Stop Anais, it is too much,” Aharah said.
Anais looked at Auntie. A rusted hole in her forehead revealed the gears that articulated her face. Her brozen plated skin turned down into a sad frown, and her eyebrow lowered at the corner. Auntie spread her pleats to cover them from the stinging rain that refused to let up.
“Right, right, I’m always in a hurry. One thing at a time,” Anais said. She rubbed Aharah’s shoulder and when her sister did not retreat from her, she wrapped the cloak around her. “There is a hood to the cloak,” Anais said, “but I won’t put it on for you. Because, I am not ashamed of you. Let them see your face if that desire does not come from fear. I would be seen with you anywhere and always,” Anais said.
Aharah cracked the weakest of smiles and with trembling hands lifted the cloak over her head to block the rain. Anais waved at Auntie to close her pleats and stood up. She offered Aharah a hand and she accepted. Aharah got up to a knee. Auntie reached down by instinct but Anais shook her head. Reluctantly, Auntie stood back. Aharah stood up and straightened her back. 	Anais and Auntie flanked Aharah, and the three walked back toward the City of Maya.
As they walked, Anais sang for Aharah an age old poem from the Son of Emer:
“Pale Genius roves alone
No scout can track her way
None credits her till she have shown
Her diamonds to the day

Not hers the feaster’s wine,
Nor land, nor gold, nor power,
By want and pain God screeneth her
Till her elected hour.

Go, speed the stars of Thought
On to their shining goals; —
The sower scatters broad her seed,
The wheat thou strew’st be souls”

[L3: the city of Mara]
They rounded one last hill and blackened pillars and burned ruins met Aharah’s eyes. She stopped in her tracks. Her eyes widened. Her gut lurched. Where the City had been was now a blasted hole. A voracious jungle had reclaimed the land and it was so cursed and silent even birds in the sky flew around it. All around, more shelled craters and rubble dotted the landscape, their numbers and age so many and old as to be incomprehensible. Aharaha lurched forward and vomited.
“What’s wrong?” Anais asked.
Aharah pointed at the devastation, her finger shaking, unable to speak.
Anais looked at her sister, confused. To her, It was the same as it ever was. She looked at the view of Mara with its forests and ruins.
Aharah turned her body to retreat but Anais held onto her hand. Aharah snatched her arm away. A realization dawned on Anais. She’s forgotten.
“Come, Ajah,” she said, “It is alright. The City is there. It is merely Mara. The projection protects the city.” But for once, she wasn’t sure. Yet, for her sister’s sake, Anas boldened her voice with confidence and extended an open palm.
Aharah slacked and her body softened. She looked at the ruins, the pillars that had blackened by fire and worn down to nubs by centuries of rain, wind, and sleet. She looked at Anais and softened. She took her sister’s hand.
Please God, don’t let me be wrong, she thought as she stepped forward. She felt her feet stride through a warm, invisible field as if wading through shallow water. The amulet around her neck lifted up in the air and the gem-key within shone like a beacon. Aharah followed and they crossed the threshold. Then they were through.
The ruins and the jungle vanished.
The City was there.
Aharah’s warm, wet eyes shone with glee.
Endless rolling hills dotted with temples and homes curved in spirals as shining sandstone and glass spires thrusted up to the sky. Families of flaxleaf trees bloomed in bonquets of white as if the snows of Winter had already arrived. Meanwhile, sweeping willows danced and curved their carefree strands in the early morning breeze. Fountains flown water sixty feet in the air. All around, layered harmoniously with the streets, cypress trees young and old spread their horizontal canopies as if some kind, masterly painter had the foresight to bring clouds down to earth and colored them green.
Aharah looked up. Above, on high, grey weightless giants sagging with moisture stretched like empty heavenly thrones. Everywhere, an ever-present white light shone.
I’m home, Aharah thought and her heart filled with gladness. She looked to Anais and they smiled together.

Drunken revelers passed them by, laughing and jabbing at one another as they stretched their night into morning. A trio holding each other and smelling of liquor ran into Anais and Aharah. Seeing the women holding onto each other, they mistook them for their own, and danced and howled around them. Auntie shushed them away and the wild ones ran away screaming and laughing.
Anais shook her head. Under her hood, Aharah smiled.
The smell of steamed buns reached her nose. Her mouth watered. A morning hawker rang her bells and the cart came lumping along along the road, clipping on the cobblestone. Anais stopped and gave Aharah to Auntie and bought a steamed bun.
“Slowly now,” Anais said. She tore off a small corner and fed it to Aharah. The bread melted in her mouth. Aharah grabbed the bun from Anais and stuffed it in her mouth. The hawker was shocked.
“Long night,” Anais said and winked at the hawker. They continued on their way.
A group of kine passed by their left, shaking their bells, mooing. Going the other way, four child-sized automatons carried a palanquinn. “Out of the way!” an old, wizened woman with too much paint on her face yelled out of the window and waved a switch. Anais covered Aharah and hissed at the old woman. The palanquinn stopped and the old woman stuck her head out to curse at them until she saw the giant form of Auntie expanding larger. She ducked back into the palanquin and took off.
They made their way to an open bazaar. Pits of meat was beginning to smoke as the aroma of cooked fat, acid, and salt wafted into their nose. Aharah salivated.
“Dear sister, you can’t have too much food yet even though I know you want to. You’ve been starving. Too much, too quickly… could kill you,” Anais said. “Tomorrow, or the day after, let’s have all you can eat.”
They passed through the market as throngs of people filled the square. Soon they were shoulder to shoulder in the morning rush. The wave of people pushed Anais. She pushed them back. A shrill voice cursed at her and shoved her into a basket of fruits. Anais clenched an orange to throw it back but Auntie wedged between them and scared the others off. Seeing Aharah swaying on her feet,  Anais tossed the orange into Auntie’s sleeve and held up her sister. Auntie pushed through the crowd like a wedge so the sister could follow in her wake. But Aharah began to cough and she stopped.
The city was waking and market grew louder. Aharah’s head spun. Anais tugged Auntie to slow her down and automatically, Auntie opened her arms around the sisters to provide a wall. Anais looked for a carriage but they were all filled. Except for an old rickshaw pulled by an old, decrepit horse. Its owner, a old, bent leather-skinned man with a switch in his hand was shouting for business and bragging about the health of his horse.
“Any port in a storm,” Anais sighed. She hailed the man who signal for them to come and Auntie pushed the crowd aside to make way. Finally there, Anais and Auntie lifted Aharah’s hooded figure onto the rickshaw.
“Where to?” the old man asked.
“The Jian House,” Anais answered.
“Make way!” the old man shouted to the crowd and whipped the horse on its hind. The skin bruised and opened up. The old horse pulled the cart along but the crowd was too thick to move. The old man whipped it again on the same spot. Aharah winced.
Anais signaled for Auntie to help and the automaton went ahead to make way for the cart. The horse took her steps and collapsed to its front legs.
“You dumb bastard, get up!” the old man shouted and whipped the horse across the face. It neighed and dropped its head and got to its feet and plodded forward.
“Stop,” Aharah whispered, but her voice was too weak to be heard. Anais looked uneasily around. The avenue was filled. The crowd amassed thick as ants. Even Auntie could barely budge them, as other, larger, stronger, newer automatons shouldered her aside. Anais pointed to a side street and the old man ordered the horse to go that way but wave after wave of people and machine checked their way. The old man seethed and shorted the switch to a club and beat the horse against its side. The animal cried out. A rib snapped and it fell down.
“Come, we have to go,” Anais said to Aharah. The crowd was now surging like a tidal wave, threatening to separate them and pull them out and apart. Anais got off.
“Pay me! Pay me!” the old man yelled at Anais, shoving an accounting tablet into her face.
 She waved him away to fetch Aharah but he screeched at her with froth coming out of his mouth. Scowling, and eager to be rid of him, Anais stamped her ring with the Jian emblem onto his tablet and helped Aharah off the cart. Auntie blocked the oncoming rush. Anais slung Aharah’s arm over her shoulder they squeezed by the panting horse toward the side street.
“Stop,” Aharah whispered again.
“We can’t stop, we have to keep moving” Anais side.
Behind them, the horse was dying. The old man raise his club and hit the animal, again and again, cursing at it, releasing his rage at it. The crowd passed by, indifferent. The horse bellowed to the sky and Aharah heard the guturral cry of the animal. She separated from Anais and stumbled to the animal.
“Stop,” she said, her voice weak. But the man kept beating the animal until it howled one last time and its head dropped to the ground. The man did not relent, he brought the club down on the animal’s head. The bone cracked.
“Stop!” Aharah shouted and she grabbed the man by the shoulder and flung him to the ground. “Can’t you see it’s already dead!”
The crowd stopped and the market hushed. Aharah looked around. A pool of the horse’s blood formed around her. The old man clutched his head and writhed on the ground. He was bleeding from a small cut on his scalp. But to the on-lookers, it seemed that the pool of blood came from him.
Trembling from her knees, Aharah stood up, her hands covered in blood. The crowd stepped away from her. Confused, she looked at Anais, whose face was filled with horror.
Her hood had fallened off. And her golden sunskin caught the morning’s weak rays and glistened.
“Is that the Lyonessa?” a voice spoke out from the crowd.
“It can’t be her,” another voice said.
“It is her, it’s the Lyonessa!” a third voice added.
“Why is she back?” another voice whispered.
The crowd backed away from her. Some bowed to their knees in worship. “Lyonessa! Lyonessa!” they shouted, supplicating.
“She’s not supposed to return! She’s failed!” exasperated voices  screamed out. Then came the sound of wailing. Aharah covered her ears.
“She’s doome us! We’re doome!”
	“Shush you harpy!”
		“The Lyonessa cannot fail!”
	“Look! See her failure with your own eyes!”
		“Lyonessa, why have you returned?”
	“My son died in the war!”
		“My daughter!”
	“Have you abandoned them!”
		“You coward!”
“Shut up you fool! You coward! Heathen!”
Fists began to fly and the crowd broke out into a riot. The people tore down tents and beat each other with fists, nails, and poles.
“Stop! Stop!” Aharah shoutted and a unripened peach hit her in the eye.
“I’ll knife you!” Anais screamed and plunged into the crowd, biting and tearing with her hands.
“Anais, come back!” Aharah said but the world began to spin and she fell to her knees.
“Look how weak she is!”
	“We’ve choosen wrong!”
		“The Haz will come and kill us all!”
Auntie sprawled onto of Aharah to cover her and from under the dome of her protection, Aharah heard glass and sticks break against the automaton’s side. Shards and splinters flew by and cut Aharah’s cheeks.
Boom!
A cannon resounded.
A great blue ball of fire shot into the sky and exploded into smithereens and fell like ivy in green tendrils. The crowd froze. Thunderous war drums and horns followed the silence and chilled every bone.
“Make way,” a clear, sonorous voice resounded through the market. The crowd parted in a hurry as a battalion of soliders made their way to Aharah.
“Get up,” a woman’s familiar voice ordered.
Auntie moved aside.
Aharah covered her eyes from the sudden light and looked up at the speaker.
The general of the battlaion rode on a giant grey mare. She wore golden armor embossed with four fanged dragons—each breathing fire, earth, air, or water. Her purple eyes glared out from beneath her visor shaped like a snarling lion’s head. Her armless right sleeve was neatly pinned and tucked against her side.
“Nahlah,” Aharah said, recognizing her sister.
“Arrest them,” General Nahlah tossed her head at the rioters and sicked her battalion on them. There was much screeching and shouting as the crowd scattered. Soldiers entered the square from all directions and walled them in, then beat down those protesting with batons.
“Pick the Lyonessa up,” she said to the Captain venomously. Then General Nahlah flicked the reins of her horse and rode toward the city center with her soldiers and prisoners in tow.

[L3/L4: Redraft this slightly from horses to machines? No. Come up with your own aesthetic. It’s more Dune than anything else but we need progress in this imagination. What does Dune + Dragonlance look like? Why do they ride horses other than horses are sick. Can they make machines anymore?]

Aharah was separated from Anais and “Auntie” and imprisoned. But her prison was the utmost luxurious of the healing spas in Maya. She had to herself seven attendants who changed the daily water of the healing pound; There was an ice bath drawn from the glaciers to the north; a salt bath mined from the caverns to the south; and from the East, a black paste wetted into a pond of mud. From the smell, Aharah knew the main ingredient to be the powder of Vyvyan beetles.
In the mornings, she would be awakened by the delicate ringing of a hand-sized gong. The sound of three resonate strikes engaged her ears; her hairs stood up. She was left alone in silence. A plater of honey, milk, and fruits were left out by the attendants who acknowledged her with a bow then stood with down-cast eyes and folded hands, blending into the fixtures. There were no automatons. Most had been vanquished in the many wars that had came before and only the wealthiest families retained one or two as heirlooms. That was the case with Auntie and the Jian family.
After her morning rinse and soak, Aharah moved between the different healing ponds of her own accord, but a doctor was nearby and kept close watched. If I don’t keep to the healing routine, I’m sure they would make me, she thought. Luckily, there was nothing she wanted more than to be healthy again.
Her sunskin had been burned through and it healed back poorly. The golden surface that photosynthesized sunlight had been abraded away and now that skin was pink and folded with keloid scars. When she stood in the sunlight, she felt no energy, nor any sensations of touch. The doctor who vaguely reminded her of Dzuvag in his age and stance kept close watch over her skin. Often she would catch his head shaking. When asked, he would only murmur short answers but Aharah could tell his anger seeping out.
Aharah did not blame them. To them, I’m a fraud, she thought as she reclined the balcony of the bath. The building was made of century old redwood and constructed by hand. The beams and wood were joined by cleverly and masterly fitted notches. No nails or bolts nor any metal was used to fasten the structure. 	“Why?” she had asked the doctor.
He looked at her with a frown and said, “do you want to think about screws in your bones?”
It was a lived experience. The patient resided in the building and the building resided in the subconsciousness of the patient. The stoutness of the beams, the solidity of the floor, the floorplan’s flowing suggestion that lead from one bath to another in a cycle… these were all intended for the benefit of the patient, nothing more. Even the aesthetic, which was derived from its function, was simple and out of the way. As Aharah sat, she felt her body settle into the seat. What an amazing chair, she thought and was surprised with herself at such an inane thought. But even the chair was constructed to brace her body and correct her posture during healing.
Whomever had made this building had such pure volition, she thought, I cannot be more grateful. And I don’t even know the name of the builder.
In the distance, the bay water was flat and calm. And beyond, a small rock island gave her the symbolic motivation to become just as strong.
As a mountain, a rock, stable and firmly based
Does not tremble in rought winds but remains in precisely its own place
So you too must be constantly stable in resolute determination…
Aharah remembered those old lines that the sword saint had told her. The rustling of armor drew her gaze away from the lake and mountain and she caught the back of a figure leaving, its armless sleeve clipped neatly to the right side. Then Nahlah was gone.
After a lunch of roasted bird and quail eggs, Aharah was introduced to the warmed mud bath made of vyvan beetle paste. When the attendants turned away to fetch water, she attempted a taste. Bitter! She gagged and swallowed, then sank down to her ears and bobbed with her eyes close to the surface like a crocodile. In the first days, when she had risen up before sundown, the attendants dissuaded her strongly with poles. You could have just told me, she bickered in her mind. But the noble silence had its use. As her body effervesced its toxins and impurities, episodes played out from her trek in the Wilderness. She meditated for hours each day, and so absorbed was she that time slipped by unnoticed. And it was like this that Aharah spent her time back in the land of Shakya for a full moon cycle.
And then it was Winter.
The snows painted everything white, except for the pink dots of cherry blossoms that poked out. The flowers too turned white by evening and fell, making the snow particularly loose and powdered. Then by morning, pink blossoms bloomed again, and so on they lived their cycle. When Aharah had counted seven days of this, Anais came to visit.
She wore a white shelled jacket with a raised collar and a bubble hood. Her snow boots were bright red, almost invasive to the eye. Aharah noticed her from the balcony, from where she had established a routine of watching the bay water fold together while covered under a blanket drinking tea. Anais smiled and scampered up the front steps. The doctor blocked her away, but after a quick exchange that sounded like squirrels fighting, Anais arrived on the balony. She had shed her jacket and wore the same simple tunics and pants as the attendants. She dove into Aharah with a hug.
“I’ve missed you,” she said.
“I’ve missed you as well. Where have you been? Are they treating you well?” Aharah asked.
“They’ve posted guards at the house and I’m only allowed to leave to see the Sword Saint for training,” Anais said.
Aharah’s back straightened at the mention of her old master. “What does he have you training for?” she asked.
Anais looked around until all the attendants were busied with something else and turned back. With a devilish smile, she said, “they think I can be an astromancer.”
“An astromancer?” Aharah said.
“Like the oracle,” Anais replied.
Aharah gasped. “Anais, you mustn’t.”
Anais frowned. “Why?”
“It is much too dangerous,” Aharah said.
“And going into the Wilderness is not?” Anais answered.
Aharah’s cheeks reddened.
“We need astromancers. Astromancers and soldiers for the war,” Anais said.
“What war?”
“The Empire and the Sword Saint think the Haz will attack. The oracle has also seen it in her vision…” Anais said, but before she could finish, Aharah stopped her.
“Anais, I’ve seen a dream,” Aharah said.
“What dream?” Anais asked.
“I— I saw the City burning” Aharah said. “That is why I’ve come back.”
Anais smiled.
“Why do you smile at such news?” Aharah asked.
“First of all, it’s not news,” Anais replied, “but I smile because I knew you hadn’t given up. I knew you came back for a good reason. What did you see in your dream?”
Aharah sighed. She closed her eyes to remember.
“Fire,” she said, “everything was burning. I was on my way home when I saw a red glow coming out of the mist. Then an army of demons had swarmed the City… so many dead… and most terrible of all, I saw you and Nahlah…” Aharah said, her voice started to shake.
“It’s alright, tell me,” Anais reassured her.
“I saw you trapped in a burning house. Our house. And I came to save you but I couldn’t. You were beating at the door… then it was all ash. And I saw Nahlah… she was fighting a demon, but…” Aharah stopped and inhaled deeply. Even the memory of the dream seemed so real that she had forgotten to breath.
“The demon— did you see the Locust King?” Anais asked.
Aharah’s eyes widened.
“The Locust King: An carapiced insect with the face of a man. Around his head is a ring of eyes that looks in all directions, having no blind spot. And a steel centipeded crawls around his body, wrapping him like a cape. Is that what you saw?”
Aharah nodded, her gaze blazing. Anais was smiling.
“Why do you smile?” Aharah asked, her voice angry.
“Because I sent that dream to you,” Anais said.
“You? How?”
“I can’t tell you now but if you did see the dream that I shared, then it’s time. The Sword Saint wants you to see the Oracle.”
“The Oracle?” Aharah said, uncertain.
Anais grabbed Aharah by her forearms and felt the rippling msucles. “Look how strong you’ve gotten in a month. The Lyonessa genes are indeed spectacular. From what the doctor had told me, your ordeal would have killed many men many times over.”
“What does that have to do with anything now?” Aharah asked.
Anais took a pause. “They wanted me to come to tell you… you have to undergo the ordeal again, this time with the Oracle. Your sunskin is nearly gone and the kelloids prevent it from healing. So it needs to be regrafted.”
Aharah yanked her hands back. She felt sweat forming down the back of her neck. Moisture formed on her temples. Anais took a gentle towel and wicked the sweat away but Aharah shook her off.
“Why doesn’t the doctor tell me?” Aharah asked. “He’s been such an unhelpful, mean bastard.”
“He’s a loyalist. So many people are,” Anais said.
“Loyalist? What do you mean?” Aharah said.
“There’s a chism in Shakya ever since… you became Lyonessa.”
“When I stole it from Nahlah, you mean?”
“Is that how you feel?” Anais asked.
Aharah lowered her head. “Nahlah’s sick. The ordeal would have killed her.”
“But it was her choice to make, not yours,” Anais said.
“So you hold it against me too,” Aharah said, her voice sad and lonely.
“It was Nahla. Then it was Ren. Then it was you,” Anais said, her voice gritting with annoyance that edged on anger. She grunted and hammered her fist into the pillar nearby. “You went against the order of things, Aharah, you really did. And now things are messed up. They all think you’re a traitor, a thief, and a coward who wanted the Lyonessa gene for power. Did you know? Some said you ran off to the Haz King to give him the other half of the Lyonessa genetics?” Anais’s chest heaved.
“Is that how you feel too? That I’m a coward, a thief… a traitor? Are you on their said”
“No!” Anais yelled. The attendants stepped over and shushed her. “Back off!” she screamed at them. They looked at one another confused until the doctor peeked his head from the stairs. Anais nodded and quieted down.
“No—” Anais said, “I’m your sister. I love you. I love you so deeply and trust you so blindly that I’ve been fighting them every day for you.” Anais lifted her collar. Her shoulder was bruised.
“Anais…” Aharah said.
“Don’t ‘Anais’ me. They get what they got too. But don’t you see? That’s the problem. I am on your time. But you’ve violated the natural order of things. The loyalists want you locked away to preserve the gene… and worse. Nahlah has lost half of her command. At least Ren is understanding. She campaigns for Nahlah, so she campaigns for you. But Kirin—that bitch—she’s stirring up trouble and she’s blaming us, the Jian, for all the problems in Shakya right now. That riot in the market, that was only the tip of the iceberg. There’s been infighting and frationalism like I’ve never seen before. So you tell me. Please. And be honest with me. Why did you do it?”
Anais was out of breath. She looked at Aharah with wet, wide eyes.
“Nahlah would have died… with her hala poison, she couldn’t have survived…” Aharah explained, but her voice waivered.
Anais shook her head.
“I can’t believe you’d lie to me. Is this what it’s come to? I’m one of the last persons in the City fighting for you. Did you see what they did to Auntie? They chipped her head and now there’s hole and I can’t fix that! No one can! Water gets inside and she’s not built to resist rust from the inside and…”
Before Anais could finish, Aharah leaned over and grabbed Anais and held her.
Slowly, calmy, steady as a sheet of ice, Aharah whipsered to Anais: “I heard a voice. I heard a voice. It told me Nahlah would die if she tried. And it said something I could not understand… so in the middle of the night, like a fly attracted to the light, I stole Nahla’s badge and I went into the Temple and underwent the ordeal. I thought I was doing it for her… then I thought I was doing it for myself… I wondered about it… pondered it… for fourty days and fourty nights I followed a glow and that voice into the Wilderness and when I woke up I was on the top of dune.”
“What did the voice tell you?” Anais asked. Her back was shaking. She was afraid of the answer.
“The voice told me to find the Tagata,” Aharah said.
Anais leaned back.
“But Aharah, the Tagata isn’t real. The Tagata is a story we teach children. Even if the Tagata is real… they are long, long gone. Aharah, do you hear me?”
Aharah nodded. “I do. And I ask those questions too. But maybe you’re not the only mancer, Anais.”
“So you’re an astropath now too? Being the Lyonessa wasn’t enough? Stealing Nahla’s thunder wasn’t enough, you have to steal mine too?” Anais sniped.
“That’s not what I meant,” Aharah said.
“Save it,” Anais said as she got up. “Tonight at first moonlight, the Sword Saint will come and take you to the Oracle. I hope she gives us some good news. We could really use it.” She turned to leave but Aharah grabbed her hand.ch
“Don’t go,” Aharah said.
Anais closed her eyes. She didn’t want to leave her sister. She couldn’t leave her sister. It seemed to Anais it was the three of them agains the world. But she was seething. Nothing Aharah told her gave her any clarity. She squeezed Aharah’s hand with a small pulse then took off.
Aharah watched as Anais sprinted through the garden in the snow, flinging on her jacket. For a moment, Aharah remembered Anais as that little girl who went out in the cold with just a shirt on.

At night, when three small moons ascended to the sky in slivers and the fourth hung full and complete yet far and distant, two lines of lanterns came up the hill. Attendants silently unlocked and opened the gates and the lanterns stopped on the main path, making way.
The Sword Saint stepped through. He wore a silk blue kimono and red pants. His long hair was tied into a pony-tail and held up by a golden ring. The Sword Saint looked young and ageless. His age is strikingly black, even at night. And his face was free of any wrinkles or lines. His skin gave off a copper light. His eyes, shining platinum like a cat’s at night, never seemed to blink. Nahla followed behind, wearing light, black amor with epaulets that guarded her neck on her striking side on the right.
Aharah waited for them at the top of the steps and when the Sword Saint approached, she bowed.
“None of that,” he said. “You’re not my student anymore. Show some dignity for the station of the Lyonessa.” Aharah blushed at being chided like a child.
“You seem to have healed well. How do you feel?” he asked. The moonbeams lit the space behind them and motes of dust and pollen made the ground ethereal, as if they stood on the moon.
“Anxious,” she said.
“Why are you anxious?” the Sword Saint asked.
“I’ve been here too long, I must be moving,” she said.
“Where?” the Sword Saint said.
“I don’t know,” she answered.
Even in the frigid cold, the attendants stood still as statues.
“You will once tonight is over,” the Sword Saint said. “The Oracle has called for you.”
Aharah nodded.
With a flick of his neck, the Sword Saint motioned for Nahla to receive the Lyonessa. Nahla walked up the stairs and when she reached Aharah’s feet, she got to her knees and bowed. Aharah lurched forward to pick Nahla up. But, remembering that she represented the station of the long line of Lyonessas, she steadied herself in noble repose. But she thought: What irony. What is selfishness? It feels ignoble for my sister, and a general, to bow to me, a common orphan. But that is the I-called-Aharah. Then there is I, the Lyonessa, who must be steady for their sake… all of our sake. If I break protocol the very symbol of the lion will crack—then what do our culture have to believe in?
Aharah raised her head high and signaled with an open palm for the general to rise. Nahla did, but Aharah saw a fierce pointedness in her purple eyes. Nahlah turned and Aharah followed her down the steps.
In silence, the Sword Saint led them out of the courtyard and into the dark forest. As they ascended the hill, Aharah caught glimpses of the city at night, lively as jousting fireflies. Then she felt the air thicken and they stepped passed the threshold of Maya and the city disappeared. The lanterns guided their way up the moutain. From everwhere, crickets called. And from somewhere, a lone kookoo bird chirped for a mate.
Aharah looked up and saw the peak. It was bald. A jagged rock shot up into the air looking like an arrowhead. This place was different from the Path of the Ordeal that she had taken, or perhaps it was her memory that was broken. After passing through the chambers, Aharah could only remember gushing water. They had found her by a stream near death. But she had passed the test. Her memory was gone, perhaps by design, so that the Oracle is concealed from even the Shakyans. Only the Sword Saint and his highest generals knew her whereabouts.
[Edited tag-below]
The Sword Saint stopped before two aspen trees, their golden leaves evident even at night. Branches weaved together and an entrance appeared. Aharah felt the atmosphere thicken again. There is Maya here too. Protecting the Oracle.
The acolytes circled Aharah.
She could not see their faces under the hoods.
The Sword Saint turned around and faced her.
“This is sacred ground. Do you have the volition to enter? Beyond here, the Ouekemene [Society] is gone. There is no code of conduct. Your title of Lyonesse will not be honored. Do you accept?”
She looked around her.
[L4: Aharah now: Strength. Near: Death. Far: Justice.]
Nahla was half in the light; half in the shadows.
Her hand clutched the hilt of her sword.
A thick blanket of clouds covered the moons, followed by a sweeping darkness. Where it was dark, the wind slowed. The birds, the frogs, and even the crickets went quiet.
What choice do I have? Aharah thought.
She looked up the hill. A soft light beckoned.
That too, is an illusion, she thought. But she hoped it was true.
“Here, the Spirit is Highest. All else is below It.” the Sword Saint said.
“I accept,” Aharah said.
A blade missed her narrowly.
Aharah heard it first cut through the air.
She turned her face just in time.
The edge of the blade nicked her cheek. She tracked the swing of the blade and tossed the acolyte with a wide, outter hip throw. Aharah rotated with her throw to land facing the acolytes.
“What are you doing—” Aharah said.
The ring of acolytes attacked.
In the dark, Aharah used her instincts. The only way to fight is like an animal, the sword saint had said. The edge of swords lit up in the moonlight.
She back-pedalled between the thrusts.
Coming to a tree, she planted her leg left. Pivoting to her right, she ducked and sweeped through the acoplytes’ ankles. They collapsed mid-jump and folded in a pile.
There is a rhythm to battle. You feel the music? The sword saint had once said.
Aharah felt it. Her mind was void. She could sense her attackers clearly.They moved with regularity so their movement became predictable. Aharah timed it perfectly.
The leaping acolyte cut down and missed. Aharah grabbed her by the collar and redirected their momentum into a brush nearby. Aharah released. The girl yelped. Her voice was high like Anais’s. Aharah reached out to grab her, but she had gone into the brush.
Aharah heard the metalic grind of a blade unsheathing.
A silver blade weaved like a river of mercury. It passed Aharah so closely it cut off her tied hair.
Aharah’s pony-tail expanded into a light mane.
She side-steped the silver blade. It cut through the air in circles. No energy was wasted. Aharah dodged the constant cutting assault. Very regular, Aharah thought.
She planted her feet into the ground and inhaled.
She closed her eyes as she dodged.
It wasn’t cold. The wind was temperate, then warm. Sand brushed her skin. Sunshine held her from the sky.
The Tagata rock stood in front of her…
The only way is through.
The blade came at her.
Aharah breathed in, and punched with a quick huff. Two fingers snapped the blade.
She prepared a second punch toward Nahlah’s liver. A fatal blow. But the Style’s battlefield finisher was to be respected. Aharah stepped past Nahla and released the finisher into the trunk of a tree.
The trunk cracked with a crunch. Then exploded.
The tree trunk toppled and fell side-ways.
Nahlah got up and breathed hard.
Aharah raised her fists and breathed hard as well.
The sound of slow clapping hands separated them. 
“We had to make sure,” the Sword Saint said. “There are many shape-shifters about. These are strange times.”
Aharah looked at him with confusion.
The Sword Saint turned and pointed to the hill. He made a coded gesture with his hand. The Maya lifted. A splendid palace with a diamond dome appeared at the top of the hill.
“We will guard this pass. The Oracle waits for you there,” the Sword Saint said to Aharah.
Aharah tried to meet Nahla’s eyes, but her sister keep her gaze down and reverant. Aharah turned and hurried up the pass toward the domed palace.

[TODO: Draft; Move Nahla and Aharah’s discussion up to add more stakes to this fight? THey should have confronted each other once already by now? … Or may not idk. Maybe this IS the confrontation]

[L4: Aharah: Strength > Death > Justice. Anais: Chariot > X of Pent > Magician. Hyfei: II of Cups > Knight of Swords > III of Wands. Lyon: Devil > VIII of Cups > III of Pent]
