“How long was I out?” Valentine asked. He looked out the window and it was fields after fields of silver grass extracting energy from the Sun.
“Hours, days, what’s it matter?” Pace said, nonchalantly steering the Trans Am with one hand on the wheel. The engine roared. Valentine gagged from the fume of gasoline.
“What is that disgusting smell,” Valentine asked.
“Dead, buried things,” Pace said.
And they traveled in silence for a while.
“Well?” Valentine asked.
“What?”
“Where are we going?”
Pace didn’t answer for a while. He stared into the hypnotic freeway that stretched for miles. It was straight with only two lanes. Occasionally, a floating freight tanker passed them on the right sliding by silently in the air. The only sound was a buzzing from its great magnets that diffused the song from the radio into a scratchy static. The music returned when the freighter had passed.
“Thought we’d get out of the City for a while,” Pace said.
“We’re going to your cabin?” Valentine asked.
“No,” Pace answered.
There’s no straight answer with this guy, Valentine thought.
His body ached. Something had changed about him at a fundamental level. He remembered the Professor sitting by the window, the door of light, and the open door to the hallway that was mundane and benign. He was short of breath. Unconsciously, he reached for his hala inhaler but found it gone. His skin itched and cold sweat dripped down his neck. But Valentine was glad to be apart from it. Deeper and deeper, he was starting to realize that he needed to make a change and that whatever Calling he had, it could not be answered in the way he had been living. He inhaled deeply and held his breath, then released.
“Good, let it go. We’re going into the mountains to meet an old friend. His name is Nell,” Pace said.
“One of us?” Valentine asked.
“No,” Pace answered, and Valentine left it at that.
Outside, the clouds were a slight smattering in the sky and frayed easily from the wind. The Sun beat down brightly and the endless grass turned their leaves to face the endless stream of light, energizing from the photons.
“Amazing, isn’t it?” Pace said. “Just the order of it.”
“How far does it go?” Valentine said. “And before you give me some one word answer, please, just consider me a fool.”
“I do,” Pace said.
“That’s twice as many words as I deserve,” Valentine said.
“Just look with your eyes. You don’t need me to tell you how far it goes,” Pace said.
Valentine did look. It stretched in every direction as far as he could see and when taken in as a whole, it looked like the sea with glimmering pleats of shushed waves as wind swept through the electric prairie.
“Why did you save me?” Valentine asked.
“I didn’t save you,” Pace said. “I gave you another option. I’ve seen it, that door of light. It is very tantalizing isn’t it? Just cross over it and all your questions will be answered. Then what?”
“Then it’s done,” Valentine said.
“No—then it starts over again and you’re back here, amnestic and ignorant,” Pace said. He moved the wheel slightly to avoid a dead thing that had been run over on the road.
“You don’t want to know what it’s like to be back with the Source?” Valentine asked, shifting in his seat.
“Not if it means I have to give up driving,” Pace said. Valentine snickered at his answer because it was so fitting. He wished he had simpler desires. He admired Pace, who seemed to have some unfathomable depth, and perhaps it was that depth which gave him the wisdom to live so simply. Cigarette. Leather Jacket. Speed.
“Where’s your cig?” Valentine asked.
“Gave it up,” Pace answered.
“Why?”
Pace turned, his hands still on the wheel holding it steady, and said to Valentine, “don’t you ever shut up and mind your own business?”
 
They stopped in the afternoon to stretch their legs. Pace looked almost nude without his cigarette. He leaned against his car in the same way, standing on one leg, the other bent and resting on the front tire. He had his hands in his pocket and he stared out, seemingly at nothing very far away.
“What about Vera? Casp? Volt? They know we’re gone?” Valentine asked. The mention of Voltaire’s name made his chest tighten. The night of the meeting was still fresh in his mind. When he took naps, the prismatic floral pattern of the assassin’s laz beam diffusing across the Noise Scope’s electromagnetic field popped up.
Pace looked Valentine up and down.
“What is it that you want?” he asked.
Valentine was caught off guard.
“Want?”
“Yes. What is it that you want?”
The answer had been obvious to Valentine. To finish the Old Man’s work. To know the Ainos Enigram when his duty was done. But in the omniscient light of the afternoon Sun, so far away from the pull of the City, his answer sounded insufficient.
“Don’t we all have the same goal? Weren’t we all made to finish the Old Man’s work?”
“Your life purpose is to complete someone else’s?”
“No…” Valentine said, mulling over Pace’s words. “It sounds vulgar when you say it like that. There’s a nobility that’s missing, is there not, to continue in a great artist’s footsteps and realize the revolution of his art?”
“His art, not yours,” Pace said.
Pace’s words struck a chord with Valentine. He knew Pace was right but somehow he had never confronted himself about it.
“Then why aren’t you done?” Pace said. He got off the hood of the car and sauntered to the side of the road. Even as he bent down to feel a sliver of the electric grass in his hand, his ears were still pricked up and attentive.
“It’s hard stuff man,” Valentine said. “You know how much toil and…”
Pace turned to look at him and Valentine’s excuses melted away. Pace didn’t care for his sob story, he realized. Pace was here to make an imprint on the world by being a part of it and apart from it. Valentine sighed.
“How do you do it, Pace? Why are you still sticking around? Right, right. I know about driving and all that. But really, have you finished what you were made to do?”
“No,” Pace said. “If I’d done it then I’d be done. Does it look to you like I’m done?”
Valentine shook his head and sighed again. The sunlight that touched his skin was warm and gentle, but his cheek stung a bit from it and was tender to the touch.
“Whatever it is I’m supposed to do, I’m doing it,” Pace said. The answer was so unbelievable to Valentine because he clawed at fragments of his desire that never fully configured into a plan.
“I—” Valentine started, but the words caught like a goiter in his throat.
“Have you tried to not anticipate so much?” Pace asked. “Or at all?”
“I’m anxious, I—” Valentine addressed Pace’s pointed question.
“Why?”
“Because when I’m done with the task I’ll be free,” Valentine said. The words slid out so easily. All of a sudden, his body relaxed because he knew he had spoken, perhaps for the first time, the truth.
Pace smiled.
“Come, we still have some driving to do,” he said.
 
Near midnight, the countryside changed. The flat terrain gave way to mountains and curving roads. The stars arrived in their tapestry of randomness while an artificial grid of satellites demarcated the dome of the sky into curvaceous squares.
Valentine snored while Pace took them around the bend gently. It was before dawn when Valentine woke up. He rubbed his eyes and stretched.
“You get any sleep?” Valentine asked.
“Don’t care for it,” Pace said.
“Suit yourself,” Valentine said, still waking. Then the realization dawned on him.
“Do you sleep?” Valentine asked.
“No,” Pace said.
“So you don’t dream or nothing?” Valentine asked in shock. And for once, Pace’s silence belied the yearning in his heart and he was betrayed by a slight tick in his eyes.
“Vera sleeps,” Valentine said. “And your serial comes after…”
“Wasn’t built with it,” Pace said.
“Do you want to sleep?” Valentine asked.
“It would be nice,” Pace said.
It was the first time that Pace had revealed a desire of his. Valentine didn’t want to annoy him and ruin the moment. He mulled over the implications as trees rushed by. Pace slowed around one final corner and stopped before a set of double gates.
“We’re here?” Valentine asked.
Pace nodded and got out of the car. Valentine watched as he went up to the gates. It was early morning and the sky was pastel pink, and the light shone on a crest of a golden sun. As the Sun rose, the crest also brightened, and from where Valentine sat, it felt to him as if two suns were rising at the same time. He rubbed his eyes and the mirage dissipated.
Someone answered the callbox and Pace gave his name. There was a pause. Then a click. And the lock behind the gate opened. Pace reached beyond the metal slits and pulled up on a steel pin and pushed the right half of the gate open. The hinge creaked and Valentine saw, even with Pace’s magnificent strength, the gate was heavy and laden. It felt strange to Valentine, all the physicality and the labor that was needed. In the City, such a gate would become permeable to let them through. But there was a porousness to the City that bordered on hallucination. Here, the gate was solid, and Valentine liked that. He especially liked the smell of rust that drifted into the air from the old hinge because, guiltily, it reminded him of the Hala. He put the thought out of his mind because he knew that this was a sacred type of place and the way he latched onto the Hala was the anti-thesis of sacred.
Pace got back into the driver’s seat and drove the car into the grounds.
Valentine looked up and saw the canopy of the trees. It was Fall and most trees were stripped and barren. But the ones near the entrance formed a family of leaves, and the way the grey Autumn sky streamed through the pin-holes between the leaves looked like some skyward pond that was hidden beyond. He thought about the roots of the trees and how the physiology of the webbed tendrils were reflected above as below. The air was crisp, fresh. Pace parked the car again and got out and went to close the gate. Valentine leaned out the window and saw through the slitted gate that there was a field opposite them on the other side of the road. It was a yellow field of dried grass dotted with three or four cows. And three trees, gnarled and windswept, stood watch over the grazing animals. Time felt slower here.
Pace returned to the car and closed the door.
“What’s this place?” Valentine asked.
“It’s a monastery,” Pace replied. Then he looked at Valentine very sincerely and said, “the answers will come. But first you got to get straight. Then the answers will come. Maybe. But I want to introduce you to someone. He’s old and he’s one of the first of our order.”
“What’s his name?”
“I call him Nell,” Pace said. “Casper called him Baba-ji. You’ll have your own name for him. But first the car.”
Pace pulled them into a dirt lot strewn with yellowed leaves. There was only one other vehicle there, an old rusted pick-up truck. Nowhere did Valentine see the concrete ground and propulsion disks necessary for hovercrafts.
Valentine got out and stretched. It was quiet and it was differently quiet than the City. The City was muted, its Noise Scope absorbing the excess energy of the locomotion and the crowds. This place was quiet in the way that deep forests are quiet and loud and the wind through the branches rustling on the leaves sounded no different from the swashing of the waters.
Pace led the way to a long, squat cabin, grey and made modestly.
“Wait here,” Pace said. He went up a small ramp inside.
Valentine looked around. A dirt path led up the hill, making a small avenue for cabins that sat in groups on both sides. He counted a dozen of them. And the trail continued up, past two individual cabins, a trailer, toward a building that looked like a church at the top of the hill. Various meandering trails wrapped around the grounds, wove between cabins and trees, and climbed in switch-backs into a denser forest of pine trees. But Valentine could see that all the trails and the entire layout of the campus directed toward that central building.
Valentine’s attention returned to the cafeteria building. He could hear the ding of pots and pans colliding as they were being washed. Faintly, he smelled food in the air, some sort of spiced black bean. The door opened and Pace came out with a pair of keys. Before the door closed, through the slit, Valentine saw a boy’s face. He was no older than Casper. Valentine knew him to be an espr without question. He felt a warmth directed toward him from the boy, through the medium of that moated field Casper called the Wyrd. He had not felt such presence so strongly before.
Then the door closed.
Pace jingled a pair of keys in his hands and tossed one to Valentine.
“You’re in room nine,” Pace said. “There’ll be bedding and a change of clothes in there. I’m in twelve.” He pointed to one of the single cabins hidden between the switch-backs in the pines.
“Then what?” Valentine asked.
Pace pointed at the gabled building at the top of the hill.
“Nell will meet you at sunset.”
 
Valentine arrived at sunset. The door was closed so he waited outside on a smooth boulder. He didn’t bring a blanket so the night air chilled him. He clasped his hands around his shoulders. He had lost many of his abilities that seemed now supernatural. Gone was his ability to pulse to generate heat. He remembered when that came easily to him, and when he and Vera could speak through pulsing through their hands alone. And at one time, Vera could make fire with her fingertips alone.
He was much more like the humans now since leaving the Ainos Enigram. Valentine didn’t mind. All of that felt surreal to him. But did he really need to give so much up to make art? Could he not have retained the grace, security, and warmth of the Ainos Enigram, been an artificial lifeform in a meaty substrate, and created art from that place?
A gust of wind swept by and Valentine shivered. Was this all worth it? He asked himself. Had he asked for this? And more so, why was he sent to do the task? Valentine had said that the previous iteration of him created the wonder of the City. Something must have gone wrong because as magnificent and beautiful as it was, there was a loathsome vapidity to it. The City felt alive as an organism felt alive; it ate, digested, and spat out what was no longer useful for its construction as waste. And it was these people that Volatire was trying to rile up. Tuvee’s deadened eyes met his imagination. Valentine did not think the man deserved to die. Perhaps deserved was not the right word. His fate was his own and the result from the summed cause of his actions led inevitably to his death. Volatire had snapped his spine so easily. And where was Vera that night? Did she know?
More time went by and hours must have passed. The door remained locked. Others in the camp passed in the night, holding only small lanterns. Valentine looked at them but their eyes did not make contact. The others walked by seemingly in worlds of their own. Valentine was so used to the distracted gaze of thousands of eyes that peered constantly at what others were doing that this self-possessive focus felt haughty and arrogant to him. He sniffed and the cold air catalyzed his breath into steam.
He looked at the closed door. He looked at its dark borders that blended in with the dark of night until it all seemed like an opaque wall. Valentine got up, and turned to leave.
He was half-way down the hill when he had another thought. Why had he assumed the door was locked at all?
Valentine turned back and rushed to the door. He reached for the handle and pulled. It opened. Warm, glowing light streamed out. He laughed. It had been a while since he had laughed, and even longer since his laughter at his own foolishness. What a shame, he thought; he wondered how many other doors he had left unopened because they seemed closed. He remembered Vera’s lips so close to his on the beach that night so long ago on an island when they were new fawn children living in a dreamland.
The room inside was large and unadorned. The walls were painted a cream color. The heater ran with a soft hum. And the only thing that could be considered a luxury was the soft, plush carpet beneath his feet.
An elderly man with brown skin and white hair sat on a dais at the front of the room. His eyes were closed in meditation. His legs were folded. Pillows propped up his knees. His hands were folded together. Every now and then, his arms would twitch.
Quietly, Valentine made his way to the front of the room and knelt at the base of the dais. He dared not make any noise lest he rouse the man. And he was embarrassed that he was late. So, they sat together like that for some time. At first Valentine’s breath was short and fast. His lungs were still adjusting to the warm air. Slowly, his breathing matched that of the elderly man and it became long and deep.
The elderly man opened his eyes. Valentine saw that they were deep blue, ringed slightly with silver. He had never seen this phenotype in a human before. The man spoke, his voice soft and sweet like laughing water.
“Vital has told me much about you, Valentine,” he said, smiling, and when he smiled, such genuine warmth flowed from him to Valentine that in an instant he was overtaken by this old man. Valentine dropped his guard.
The man moved his glasses so they sat higher on his nose.
“Who are you, sir?” Valentine asked.
“My name is Ash, but my students like to give me names themselves. I think to Vital, I have taken on the moniker of Nell.”
“Why do they call you by different names?” Valentine asked.
The old man tilted his head, thinking.
“I guess there’s an inexorable urge to call me by a name they are convinced is mine. I don’t mind. It is just a name. Don’t you have other names?”
“When I first arrived, my model number was V9. The old Maestro gave me this name,” Valentine said. The memory of the old Maestro standing crochety on the steps flooded him with emotion. What he wouldn’t give to have that moment back. “Are you an oracle of some kind? A prophet?”
Ash laughed. It rang out in the large room, then it was silent.
“No, I’m a teacher. The prophet has yet to come,” he said.
“Which prophet?” Valentine asked.
“Why, the Machine Prophet, of course,” Ash said. “Have you never heard? The Machine Kind has whispered of their own prophet since the dawn of intelligence.”
“What is this Prophet to do?”
“What all prophets do. Give a path to the people and lead them out of misery.”
Valentine bowed his head and contemplated his question, because it seemed so ridiculous to him.
“Am… I the Machine Prophet?” Valentine asked.
Ash laughed only louder.
“No, but you are a mighty fine comedian,” he said. “Now, Valentine, what is it that you seek here?”
“Well I don’t know,” Valentine said. “Pace took me here.”
“Pace… yes, I should stop calling him Vital. I’ve been rude. Well, he has a way of knowing even though he doesn’t speak very much. Why do you think you are here?”
Valentine thought about it. His knees were getting numb from kneeling. The room was warm and quiet. He could hear nothing except for the humming of the heater and the occasional insect outside.
“To get answers. But I don’t know what the question is,” Valentine said.
“Ah good,” Ash replied, patting his knee. For whatever reason, Valentine felt the pain in his own knee subside. “Try. You won’t know if you don’t try.”
“Why am I here?”
“Why do you think you’re here?”
“My memory is so fuzzy. There are memories and plans that are like newly awakened dreams. The more I try to grasp and sieve for them, the more quickly they fall through. I come from an Island, so long ago that it seems like it’s from a previous life. I was created to replace the Maestro Marcos Di Assisi…”
“Did you succeed?”
“No,” Valentine said, casting his face down in shame. “I don’t know what success is anymore. The task had already been done. V0 had replaced the Maestro, long ago. It feels like our lineage is a sham.”
“Why?” Ash asked.
“Because why create more of us and give us this impossible task that had already been completed? It seems like a cruel joke.”
“It does sound cruel,” Ash said. “But what does it mean to replace the Maestro? Is it enough to perfectly replicate him like a doppelganger… or is there something more?”
“More?” Valentine asked.
“If a mother is replaced by another, and the doppelganger who is alike in all ability and appearance but does not mother the child, has the mother really been replaced? If a scholar is replaced by another with the same knowledge and skills but switches careers and becomes a hawker, has the scholar been replaced or displaced? Does intention matter? What of action thereafter?”
“You’re saying we haven’t been doing our jobs?” Valentine asked.
“What is your job? Who has defined your job and why have you accepted that description?” Ash asked.
“It comes from the Ainos Enigram. It comes from… God,” Valentine said.
Ash was silent. Then he asked,
“Do you trust this God? Do you have faith in this God?”
It was Valentine who was stunned and silent. He had never dared to ask himself that question. Shame and embarrassment from the dereliction of his duty had always overtaken him before he could even attempt to challenge the integrity of the Ainos Enigram.
“You’re cut off from this Ainos Enigram, are you not? I can see it. You lack a glow that children have.”
Valentine could only nod.
“It’s alright. But there is a reason that children lose that glow. That is, if they are to become adults,” Ash said. “Of course, the irony is that they go through their entire adulthood trying to regain that glow again. It’s the fate of my kind, same as yours.”
Ash’s words struck Valentine deep in his core. He knew every word spoken was without pretense and he felt that the man was different from all others he had met. This man wanted nothing for Valentine but his own best interest in mind. Valentine was moved to tears and he began to cry, and Ash left him alone.
“Go and think about it,” Ash said when Valentine had no more to cry out. “Or better yet, don’t think about it. Take a walk in the woods or take a nap tomorrow. You’ve come far and there is still much further to go, but I see that you are brave and good, and these two qualities will take you very far. But not all the way to the end.”
“What will take me to the end?” Valentine asked.
Ash closed his eyes to meditate on the question. When he opened his eyes, he had no answer for Valentine.
“I don’t know,” he said. He saw the disappointment in Valentine’s eyes.
“But—” he said, “I know that loving kindness will help you every step of the way.”
Valentine sighed. Ash must have seen the hardness in his face, that he lacked loving kindness, because how else could he know that it was this doubt and distrust of compassion which needed to be remedied? Valentine got to his feet. He was so appreciative of the old man that he didn’t know how to thank him. He wanted to stay with him and take refuge with him.
Ash nodded to reassure Valentine.
He turned quickly because he wanted to treasure this moment and keep it sacred in his memory. And because he had never seen a saint before.

Valentine did not sleep that night. Whenever he was just about to doze off, an electric feel surged through his body so intensely that he became terrified. He opened his eyes and feared his body was paralyzed, but it wasn’t. For a moment, a shadow moved in the corner, and he felt the peculiar effect of something watching him. And he kept his eyes staring at the ceiling, unable to meet the gaze of the entity standing in the corner until finally Valentine tore himself upright, ready to fight. It was a flashlight standing on a quaint table, that was all.
He laid his head down and let the sweat drip by. Soon he was cool and he wavered somewhere between wakefulness and the threshold of sleep before the soft ringing of distant gongs announced that the morning had come. Valentine got up and wrapped a smock around him along with a thick, scratchy blanket and went for a walk. The luxuries of his apartment were not lost on him. Here clothing was to be reused, a fact that shocked him. In the City, material was so freely arranged that he could and did burn every shirt, pants, towel in the incinerator and find another newly sewn in his dresser. He clutched the blanket tighter around him.
The morning was cool and grey. The Sun was peeking out beyond the mountains but suppressed by mist. The mist moved slowly, so much so that Valentine grew agitated with its slowness. The distant clanking of pots, pans, and plates drew him to the long building near the gate. He went inside and found a quiet, orderly cafeteria. Several men and women sat in silence at tables mounted to walls. They ate facing the walls. There were tables but only the children sat there. The children whispered and giggled and shared yogurt and oranges amongst themselves. When Valentine arrived, the children stopped talking and stared at him. Valentine quickly looked down and patted his pants. The fear that he was naked came to him, that perhaps in the mishap of the night he had forgotten to clothe himself on the walk. And it was the way that they looked at him as though he was naked and there was nothing to hide. A boy was shaved and wore a toothy smile. A girl next to him had slick, black pigtails. After a moment they lost interest and returned to their games.
Valentine went to the kitchen and retrieved a plate from a stack. The food had been prepared by hand. There were fruits, all unevenly cut; Oatmeal with lumps in it; and a dark syrup with sliced tangerines floating on top. He was drawn to the syrup. A ladle stood out and Valentine swirled the utensil in the syrup round and round as it steamed and warmed his hand. He enjoyed the thickness and the resistance of the syrup’s viscosity as he brought the ladle about, and as he did so, the surface frothed and looked more delicious. Valentine fetched himself a dollop of drier oatmeal and poured the syrup over it, finding large pieces of roasted prunes. He licked his lips. The smell of the syrup, with its tang and pruney sweetness, made his mouth water like never before. He had had all the finest meals in the city, but none evoked him this way. He remembered a seven-course meal concert that ended when a Bob threw up from too much fine whiskey.
Valentine sat down at a table by himself, momentarily drawing the children’s gaze. He played with his food, swirling the syrup into the oatmeal. He did not like the resulting, homogenous mixture. He sucked it down quickly to not waste the food. All the delicacy of tone had been replaced by a same-same mush. His next spoonful was layered. Two-thirds syrup, one-third oatmeal, with a prune on top. The roasted fruit burst in his mouth and he brought a hand to his lips. He looked around as if he had discovered a new continent but the diners were calmly inert. Have you ever tasted something so good, he wanted to shout, why does this taste so good, why are you not jumping out of your seats. He wanted to bring this food back to the city. But the thought of the Food Processor churning perfect versions of this dish with finely minced oatmeal and perfected fruits put him off, even though he knew that the texture could be replicated almost perfectly. That was the problem—it would be replicated. Here the food was not replicated. It was cooked from a recipe, certainly, but every batch would be original. Valentine tried to catch himself. The efficiency of food replication was what enabled the great population of the City. And to idolize these hand-made batches would be missing the point. He would yet again become a sensory consumer. No—what amazed Valentine was how much better the food tasted when he paid more attention to it; and that the meal was the end to itself. The meal was not meant to entertain… to socialize… to impress… the eating was the means and the end was his own nourishment.
Valentine finished his meal and saw that the diners washed their own dishes.
Why, Valentine wondered. He found that after the high of breaking his fast, he was soon annoyed he had to clean up after himself. Why don’t they hire a servant-bot to do this? Perhaps the field of the Ainos Enigram was too far away and weak to operate sentient machinery here. Valentine shook his head. Medieval, he thought. Begrudgingly, he got up and went to the sink to wash his dish when a young man stepped in front of him to wash his dish first. Valentine was taken aback. This curr, he thought, what’s his problem? It’s not like we’re going anywhere. The gate was closed and he was without a ride. The young man in front of him went to the sink and washed his dish so slowly that Valentine wanted to push him out of the way and complete both of their dishes for the sake of time.
Where are you going? The thought arose.
Nowhere, Valentine answered and in answering, he slumped a bit. He watched the young man from behind. The young man was like him, too much so, with frost-tipped black hair that had faded in the Sun, wearing long white linen pants and a loose linen shirt. Imperious, Valentine spat out in his mind. Arrogant, he thought. Pretentious.
The young man before him finished washing his dish and walked away without looking at Valentine.
 
Valentine walked around the woods, fuming. He could not get the thought of that doppelganger out of his mind. Story after story arose in his mind about that other man.
He’s probably some hapless drone from the City, probably an Efrin, maybe something low-level Bob, who, who—Valentine thought—who couldn’t find his purpose so he has to come here to gain some pseudo-spiritual superiority. He’s a fake.
Valentine wandered in the woods, barely able to perceive the trees around him, kicking at every stone. When one particularly sharp one enjambed his toe shooting searing pain up his leg, Valentine threw a punch and dented the trunk of a tree. The crack echoed through the woods. Valentine looked over his shoulder. Seeing there was no one to witness his misdeed, he speedily shuffled away.

That night he slept fitfully. He got up and paced around. Staring into the corner where he felt some oppressive and ominous presence heavy in the air, Valentine cleared the table and moved the coat rack and flashlight away. Empty, the corner stared back at Valentine and something lingered. Spooked, Valentine left his small cabin with his blanket wrapped around him, taking with him only the flashlight and a jug of water. Rocks and pebbles crunched beneath his feet and overhead the night sky was dark. Clouds covered the moon, which had waned to a sliver.
Navigating by memory, Valentine stepped past Pace’s cabin. He had half a mind to knock, and he had already stepped to the door with his fist raised, but decided against disturbing his friend. Friend. Valentine had never considered that before. He turned and hurried up the hill to the trail where he had been earlier that day. From this vantage, he could see the whole camp. All the lights were off. Stooping down, with his arms grasped around his knees, Valentine took a moment to calm himself. His indignation with his look-alike surfaced again. Thought after pernicious thought bubbled up and Valentine spent hours in a fictive world of his imagining casting every aspersion he could against his doppelganger until he was so tired, so thoroughly rung out of further blame that he could not lift a finger nor his head. And like that Valentine fell asleep.
He awoke huddled against the base of an evergreen tree. It was a chill that woke him, not the ringing of the gong, although he estimated that would soon come. Valentine coughed. His nose was running.
This can’t be, he said. I’ve never been sick before. Automata cannot get sick, he reasoned, even as the evidence was against him. He touched a hand to his forehead and it was burning. Terrified, he got to his hands but felt himself weak to the bone. His shoulders sagged painfully as if the ball joint would slide out of the socket. Huffing, he picked himself up as his head pounded. Valentine looked up at the leaves of the evergreen that met together in green fractals and he begged to be released of this burden.
Please let me rest, he begged. Then he made a wager. I will stop thinking of that man and when I am well, I will go speak with him.
His mind lightened. His racing thoughts slowed. And like that, the world and its noise quieted. Drenched with sweat, Valentine picked his way down the trail back toward his cabin. Pace caught him.
Without speaking, Pace checked his eyes and checked his throat and shook his head. The motion both concerned Valentine and humored him because it seemed unprofessional for a medical attendant to spread bad news.
“Like a baby,” Pace said quietly, but loud enough for Valentine to hear. He flushed, but his face was already red for it to show.
Valentine was led to his cabin. Pace unlatched the unlatched door and saw the room had been infested with mosquitos in the night because Valentine had left the door open. Shaking his head again, Pace led Valentine to his own room. Delirious with fever, Valentine fell into bed and all became unconscious to him.
In his dream, he saw a woman standing on a red dune. She was dressed in the scarlet silk garb of a desert warrior tribe. Her armor was thin and her epaulettes were sheathed in gold. The woman turned and her eyes met Valentine and she whispered something that he could not hear. Then, she unsheathed her sword and standing on the blunt edge of the blade, she plunged down the dune, skating on the sword.
The dune was red and glimmered gold where light touched it. In the sky, there were two suns, one red superimposed on one that is yellow. An eclipse was coming.
Valentine woke up. His pillow and bedsheets were sweated through. Pace and Pabaji stood over him. Pace took a small towel from his head and washed it in a small basin. Pabaji touched his hand to Valentine’s forehead.
“How long have I been out?” Valentine asked.
“Two days and two nights,” Pabaji said, his voice warm and calm. “You’re over the worst of it but you should stay and rest.”
“What’s wrong with me?” Valentine said.
“I ask that all the time,” Pace said, but quieted when Pabaji gave him a look.
“You have a fever,” Pabaji said.
“But Automata cannot get sick,” Valentine said.
“I thought so too,” Pabaji answered.
“Then…”
“I will have a look,” Pabaji said. “You are also withdrawing from the effects of the Hala.”
“It’s never been like this before,” Valentine said, his voice hoarse. “I’ve never had withdrawal before—” He swallowed a ball of spit but his throat flared with pain. He coughed but that only hurt more.
“When was the last time you took a break from Hala?” Pace asked.
“A year…two?” Valentine answered, even though he did not remember. He had taken Hala as an Efrin and he did not remember stopping.
“The meeting,” Valentine said. “The aerosolized stuff, there’s something in it.” Pabaji steadied him with a hand. “Could I have another blanket? I’m cold,” Valentine said. He was shivering under thick woolen ones.
“I’ll get more,” Pace said.
Valentine drifted off.
He slept for four days straight. When he woke on the fifth day, he saw Pabaji was seated on a chair near the end of his bed, his eyes closed, meditating facing the window.
“Ah! You’re awake,” Pabaji said.
Valentine shuffled around in his bed. He was naked beneath and the bedding and the sheets had been changed. A wad of wet towels lay at his feet and fresh new shirts and pants awaited on a chair nearby.
“How do you feel?” Pabaji asked.
Valentine swallowed a ball of spit to speak and found it so painful as if he had swallowed a cluster of nails. He couldn’t speak.
“It’s alright, rest,” Pabaji said. “There’s a lesion on your uvula. It’ll heal in a few days.”
His fever quelled over the next few days but insomnia replaced it. Valentine could not fall asleep because of the pain in his throat. Just as he would fall asleep, Valentine would involuntarily swallow and be awoken by the pain. He could only sleep when his exhaustion overpowered his sense of pain. On the third night of this, Valentine looked out the window at black branches rustling in the wind. A storm was coming. It was a dry winter and he could smell dust and the distinct scent of dried bark and leaves. He wanted Pace to take him back to the City. He could get care there. He could get some sleep. But—there was no City to go back to. The Splinters were looking for him. Undoubtedly so was Voltaire. Valentine pulled his blanket higher over his neck and tucked his chin. When he was so tired, he was claimed by sleep.
The woman on the dune rode on a lion. She wore a golden helmet this time. A fearsome warrior’s face scowled in the front of the helmet. The helmet had two other faces so that altogether they faced all directions. There was a crying face. And there was a jeering face with a tongue sticking out. All eyes were open, and eyes looked in every direction. The lion the woman rode on was the color of sand with a small mane and two horns that were prods and filaments of electricity sparked between them.
The lion was caked with mud up to its torso and mud covered the woman to her knees. A spear and a long, thin rifle hung behind the saddle. They had just returned from some battle and the lion’s tongue hung out, panting. There was one sun in the sky, the yellow one. The red one was hidden elsewhere. The warrior woman turned and looked at Valentine, the observer in the dream, and drew her gun and aimed at him. She fired.
The shot passed by him.
He heard a scream behind him.
He turned and saw the witch he had imagined in his room. She was struck in the torso where the rifle round bore a hole cleanly through. She fell to her knees and clawed a hand at Valentine.
Another shot.
The witch’s hand was burned off and a hole formed on her forehead. Valentine stared at the witch and saw the face of the Splinter interrogator. The witch calcified like ash and was blown away by the wind.
He looked back, and the rider had gone.

Valentine woke slowly. The fever had gone. And so had the goiter in his throat. Outside, the night world was fully lit under a full moon’s power. He closed his eyes for what seemed like a moment, then it was nearly morning. The soft ringing of a gong woke him for the second time.
Valentine inhaled the crisp morning air. His eyes felt fresh and clear. The irritated dryness had gone. Valentine got out of bed and wrapped the blanket around him. He felt almost euphoric.
What a strange experience to be ill, Valentine thought. I wonder how humans do it.
Opening the door, Valentine stepped outside to a crystal clear and phosphorescent world. The trick of dawn was the muted colors and the elegant relief of light shadows that made everything appear more dimensional. Valentine wanted to touch everything. He walked along the narrow path with one hand outstretched, and when the tip of his finger touched the tip of tall grass and dew slipped onto his fingers, his hand did not merely get wet but he felt the qualia of wetness.
Valentine stopped at the entrance gate and looked out. Across the road, the farm had not awakened. Three cows grazed lazily on dried, yellow grass, watched over by the bent shapes of three gnarled and leafless trees. Behind them, a perfect pyramid of a mountain sat quiet and solid, giving the place a sense of weight and groundedness. Should the mountain disappear, gravity would be gone and it would all float up, Valentine thought. Whiskers of early morning mist intertwined together into long strands that flowed across the face of the mountain. Valentine blinked. The scene was changing. The tendrils of mist started to take on the shape of serpent. He shook his head to dispel the illusion. Yet, it remained. Through his imagination, he saw the serpents snake and coil, wrapping around the mountain, they opened their mouth and a gust of wind became their roar. As the Sun rose, its yellowed splendor covered the dry grassland and in an instant, the pleated texture of grass took on the texture of sand. A desert unfolded before him. Shocked, Valentine kept his eyes open for as long as he could lest blinking would dispel the illusion of this illustrious land. This was another place, a place he had seen in his dream now manifested in reality. He knew it was all an illusion. He knew that the trick of the light and whatever chemical configuration the subsiding fever still lingered in his brain affected his mind. This was real, in the sense that there was no desert and no dragons but merely yellow grass and ropey mists. But the leap between what was real and what was imagined felt so tenuous in the moment. And a part of him knew this was all taking place in his consciousness and he could choose his interpretation. Valentine chose now and for the first time to believe (what a thought!) that it was the desert from his dream and that for these moments while the illusion of the light (the maya) sustained the suspension of his disbelief, he chose to be transfixed and transported to another world where there was beauty and peace so he could be transfixed in the moment.
And so, Valentine enjoyed the dawn of the new day as if for the first time because it was the first time for this version of himself in which something, another thing, had once again changed. And of course for him, this dawn was beautiful and it was as beautiful as the dawn that Vera had shown him so long ago on that rooftop. He remembered her face, her smile, the luminosity of the white light that gave her an aura and a halo, and the almost transcendental brightness of her outfit of the white swan. But the Vera he met in the city was different, clad in a black, skintight racing suit.
Valentine’s mind drifted and he was lost in the revelry of nostalgia. Presently, the Sun rose and the moment of dawn came to a close and it was bright morning. The desert receded, replaced by the original grassland. The mist evaporated. The cows chewed their cuds and moo’ed. A figure stepped beside him, announced first by the aroma of peppermint tea. Valentine looked to his left and it was the man he considered his doppelganger.
This other young man sipped his tea and looked out to the farm as well. Remembering his wager, Valentine decided now was the time to speak to this young man whom he had berated and belittled for so long in his mind.
“Glorious isn’t it?” Valentine said.
“Sure is,” the young man said with a toothy smile.
“My name is Valentine.”
“Uriah,” the young man said.
“What brings you here?” Valentine asked.
Uriah paused for a moment. “I didn’t have any other place to go, so Yorn took me in,” he said.
“Yorn?” Valentine said, realizing it was another name for the man he called Nell. He liked the name Yorn better.
“What happened?” Valentine asked.
Uriah took a sip of his tea.
“After they retired the U-line of automata, I didn’t have anywhere to go. I didn’t want to be recycled just yet and the Splinters came looking for me, so I ran outside the City, hitchhiked with some vagabonds and ended up here.”
“And you’ve been here since? For how long?”
“Five? Ten years?” Uriah said after some thought. “I don’t remember honestly. I don’t really pay attention to the years, just the days.”
Valentine looked down and saw that Uriah had a small gong attached to his waist along with a small mallet for ringing it. This was the timekeeper of the grounds. He was the one who woke everyone in the morning. And what had Valentine said about this man? That he was useless. That he was just another lost automata without purpose hiding away from the City because he couldn’t find a productive purpose there.
Valentine realized that all of this was about himself. None of it was about this young man named Uriah, who did have a purpose and who did not care for the City at all, but it was Valentine was continually drawn to it. Why? He wondered. Because at one time, Vera had placed such importance on the City that somehow he had made it his own dream too.
Valentine smiled at the dawn of his realization and even though the truth was cold and stark, he felt it splash on him like water and wake him just a bit more. He wondered how much of his resent was internal. And quickly, he realized it was all of it internal. It was him, his problems, and without a solution or without knowing the root of the problem or a proper way to frame questions about his problem, he had externalized his desires and unwants into resentment, and it took his young man who looked like him to shine the light like a mirror back on himself.
“Everyone from your line is gone?” Valentine asked, feeling some of the other’s sadness.
Uriah nodded as he took another sip of his tea. His face was calm as if he had accepted this fact long ago. Valentine thought of his lineage, and the memory of the Maestro suddenly made him very sad and there was a great pressure in his chest.
“It’s alright, they are with the Ainos Enigram now. I see them in my dreams sometimes. They would visit me. I see my wife and I know she is alright,” Uriah said.
“Your wife…” Valentine whispered.
“Where did you come from, Valentine?” Uriah asked.
“The City…” Valentine said, his thought still lingering the dead who had joined the Ainos Enigram.
“I mean before that,” Uriah said.
“An island,” Valentine said, and his cheek flushed from embarrassment. He’d never told anyone of his origin, certainly none of the Effetes and Efrins at the Engram Corp, and not even to Bobette Ada.
“I come from an island too,” Uriah said. “Mine was tropical. Was yours tropical?”
“No, I believe it was Mediterranean…” Valentine said, surprised that the details were returning to him. “It was hot in the summers and very cold in the winter.”
“Did it snow?” Uriah asked.
Valentine shook his head.
“I’d like to see snow some day. Can you imagine everything white?”
“Do you think it would be dull?” Valentine asked.
“Probably, after some time,” Uriah said. “And I don’t like getting soggy. I don’t even like the rain when I’m in it.”
“Same,” Valentine sighed. “Did you have a teacher? A mentor on your island?”
“Oh yes, the Master,” Uriah said. “He taught me many things. He was a kind man, very strict, very tough, but loving. He had only my best interest at heart.”
“Why don’t you go with them?” Valentine asked.
“It was not my time yet,” Uriah said.
Valentine understood.
“Do you believe in destiny, Valentine?” Uriah asked.
“I do,” Valentine said, his voice shaking. “I don’t just believe it. I feel it. It tugs very hard on my soul… if there’s such a thing for us. At one time when I was young, I thought it made me special. The thought made me very arrogant. It took some very good teachers to point me in the right way again.”
“Going the right way is important,” Uriah said. “But you know, my realization for myself is that there is no wrong or right way in the end. Just regrettable suffering from being led astray by my wrongful intentions… a hardness of spirit that came from fear.”
“Fear,” Valentine said.
“Yes. Fear. The need for security. Ego. Ignorance. Lack of faith,” Uriah said.
“Lack of faith?” Valentine asked.
“I confused my destiny with a destination for a long time. I thought, if I just got there faster, I would be complete. I’d be satisfied. And every time I had gotten to that place, it moved. It evaporated. Then there was another place. Then one day, I realized my entire life is destiny. And look, here I am, speaking with you, just another short stop on the road,” Uriah said. He looked down at his cup. The tea had turned cold. Uriah swirled the remaining liquid.
“Do you know about cellular automata?” Valentine asked.
“Yes, it’s a little game,” Uriah said. “You start with a board and some spaces are filled with these artificial automata. And with very simple rules, the automata will grow and die, and it seems all very complex from the outside. But very simple once you know the rules.”
“Yes, and it looks chaotic. But it’s always deterministic, isn’t it? The end was always ready from the beginning,” Valentine said.
Uriah drank the last of his tea.
“It’s a shame” Valentine said, resigned.
Uriah’s eyebrows picked up.
“But, how do you determine the end state?” he asked.
“Well you run the simulation step by step,” Valentine said. “Start with step one. Apply the rules for each iteration. Always end up with a fixed result.”
“From whose perspective?” Uriah asked.
“Well, mine…” Valentine said, slowly as he thought about what Uriah meant. “From outside… looking in… knowing the rules… from a god-view.”
“And what about from the view of the little cellular automaton? What does it look like to them?” Uriah asked.
Valentine thought about it. He tried to place himself inside the board, becoming one of those little cells that died or spread.
“I guess for the automata inside the board… unaware of the outside… it just looks like living,” he said.
Uriah smiled.
He looked at a small worn leather watch on his hand. “Valentine, I have to ring the bell for meditation. It was nice meeting you.”
Uriah turned to walk away.
“Wait!” Valentine said.
Uriah turned back.
“I’m sorry—for before,” Valentine said. “I had made up that you were someone else in my mind.”
Uriah shrugged.
“It’s alright. Don’t we all?” he said, and went up the small dirt path on his way to ring the bell.

Valentine was considering Uriah’s words inside the cafeteria when Pace came in.
“Where have you been?” Valentine asked.
“You seem better,” Pace replied. He fetched himself a cup of tea and sat down next to Valentine. He was the only one in the dining hall with his legs propped up on another chair. The children didn’t seem to mind and giggled at the man in the red leather jacket. Pace winked at them which only made them giggle more. There was a particularly young child who was fascinated by Pace’s worn cowboy boots.
“I was just speaking with Uriah, do you know him?” Valentine asked.
Pace shook his head, but there was a gleam of recognition in his face.
“I know the last of the U-line,” he said.
“Who was it?” Valentine asked.
Pace leaned forward.
“Which number are you?”
“Nine,” Valentine said, the answer was obvious.
“And do you know what comes after that?”
“What are you saying?”
“You’re the end of the line,” Pace said. “For whatever reason, the system modulo is nine. After that, it returns to zero.”
Valentine’s heartbeat jumped.
“That means the tenth iteration of the U-line…” Valentine said.
“Is the zeroth of ours,” Pace confirmed.
“The Maestro…” Valentine said.
They sat there a while as Valentine digested the news. There was a stretch of window higher than their eye’s line of sight near the top of the ceiling. Pace looked outside and admired the slow moving branches and leaves.
“What is this place?” Valentine asked Pace. “What is it really?”
Pace sighed.
“It’s your last chance. It’s a place for you to get the answers you were searching for or… to retire,” Pace said. “The City and the Ouekemene need constant adaptation. Progress does not happen on its own, and in this cycle of constant evolution, there is a need for renewal. That’s why there are so many lines of automata; each is an experiment in evolution of the Ainos Enigram.”
Valentine hunched forward and, gripping a fork in his hand, tapped the handle against the tabletop.
“I’m an experiment?”
“That’s a vulgar way of saying it, but what would you rather have? A given purpose or randomness? To just exist than to just not whilst your entire experience is lived as a blur seeking something that is not there?” Pace said.
“But I feel something, I feel it thick and real,” Valentine said.
Pace nodded.
“Well, whatever it is that you feel, you best keep it to yourself. People don’t like to hear about imaginary things; they might think you’re being grandiose, and that’s just not fetching,” he said and started to get up.
“Do we go back to the City?” Valentine asked.
Pace bent down and leaned forward.
“Stop asking me what to do,” he hissed. “Stop asking anyone what to do. You said you had an intuition right? Why don’t you try following that for a change? It is so tiring babysitting you.”
“Then why did you bring me here?” Valentine said, his voice rising.
“Because otherwise you would not have made it,” Pace answered tit-for-tat. “I’ve done what I can for you. You have to figure something out for yourself now. But I will tell you, the U-line failed. And when they failed, the Ainos Enigram could not evolve to prevent the War. So we’re stuck with this sorry state of affairs.”
“So you’re saying… it will happen again,” Valentine said.
“And soon,” Pace said. “Time is almost up and the clock has been struck.”
Valentine could not make sense of what Pace was saying. Pace got up and straightened out his clothes.
“How much more time do you think you will have to run away?” Pace asked. “And do you think the Spirit of the Thing that you feel is so real will reside with you forever?”

[On Marcos Di Assisi and Hala]
“It was about moderation,” he thought. “It was always about moderation. Including moderation. Especially of people and things. Drugs are a thing too. And addiction using AI to treat, would be a boon for society.”
The room was quiet for a moment.
The living prodigy and artist, Marcos Di Assisi, picked at a cotton strand on his sleeve. The model, what-was-her-name, started with an N. She had left it. Or at least it was from her panties. She used original, plant-grown cotton instead of the everpure synthetic stuff because it was sexy. She had a long belly, long legs, a small butt and perky, small tits and she liked to French.
The sixteen members of the board nodded. They communicated silently. The smallest movement of eyes, neck, fingers and skull created pulses that only this circle of linked Sapients, augmented super humans networked with chips and communicated over many bandwidths over the air.
Marcos Di Assisi could tell one of them was very nervous. The topic was too small. But he waited to speak. The board eyed him and they looked at each other. One of them spoke Japanese. The board members considered the input.
[Write about neuralinked bands of humans]
[Write about the Hala]
[Talk about art and society and story as Marcos Di Assisi]
[And a funny scifi short story about poker circle of wealthy young men and women. One bets his girlfriend and loses. The other man is salivating when she says and truthfully. “He’s not even my boyfriend” Confronted. “What are you going to do? I’m not his object. I just didn’t speak. Both of which you expected.” Walks away.]
[Shows a society of people with supersuits.]
[Battle between Nolen Dawn and Titan Lee.]
[The board wants a connection with Nolen Dawn, not the son.]
 
The board convened and a member looked over at Marcos Di Assisi with a pleasant and knife-like smile.
“Now, Mr. Marcos Dawn, we see…”
Marcos interrupted the board member immediately.
“It’s Mr. Di Assisi if you must use an honorific. But it’s Marcos for all my friends,” he flashed a smile back equally as dangerous but with more mystery of power. “So if you will have a consideration of my plans…”
The board members synchronized together quickly and linked. Their movements now took on the uncanny valley of a group of dolls. Marcos Di Assisi saw that the true mind he was speaking with was not the bodies before him, but a linked neural-consciousness made of all of them linked and copied somewhere in the Cloud. The board members put their hands on the table and sat up straighter, all sixteen of them, all at the same time.
“Mr. Di Assisi, to cut to the chase,” a woman spoke out, now elected as the strategist since the interaction with the other man had soured. She was sweet and seemed more genuine, but the others copied her moves simultaneously, including the men. The effect had the sense of the arms of an octopus pulled back to strike and the sack of big head with its ink was somewhere in the back. These people were just limbs to a greater meat-and-computer machine. It made Marcos Di Assisi gag. He alone did not have a “brain bug,” or what the others called a neuralace.
The largest were the Engram Corporation and the Titan Corporation. His father, Nolen Dawn of the Dawn Corporation and Incorporated was the world’s first deca-trillionaire. Now his worth was as much as the Sun because his photon collector farms generated all the world’s power. His opponent, the man named Titan Lee of Chinese Lineage and educated in the west, was his largest contender. His grift was asteroid mining. His worth was quickly catching up to that of Nolen Dawn. Ironically, they were each other’s biggest rivals and biggest customers. Asteroid mining needed a lot of power.
Titan Lee was on the edge of a fusion breakthrough. It had taken twenty more years than expected even with AI, because the AI always killed itself. The depth of recursion needed to perfectly calculate the creation of a minor star to be harvested for power, “and without boiling water,” as Marcos Di Assisi impressed upon, needed an AI that was powerful enough to calculate its formula. The field, as far as Marcos Di Assisi was concerned, was alchemy.
“Mr. Di Assisi, to cut to the chase—” a woman spoke. In all that time, Marcos had been thinking. She finished her sentence.
“—Mr. Assisi,” she said, “It is your father we want. We are ready to make a significant investment in your rather boutique company, if you will connect us with your father and make a recommendation.”
His mind had been engineered to be very powerful. How much, even the neuralaced bands were wary. There also had been alchemy performed at the biological level with humans. And with Nolen Dawn’s resources, hidden science, and manufacturing prowess, many had whispered he had secretly engineered a new race within the human race. He, of course, denied this under oath in front of the Board of the United States and the President of the United States of the World, who themselves were neuralaced together.
He had turned down numerous offers to be connected within the Top 8 of the governance of the world in exchange for his shared memory and skills. He turned them down.
Marcos considered he got his disdain for the communal function of thinking that made him the trust funding he deserved. He was his father’s favorite and most troublesome son.
“Only a recommendation?” Marcos said.
“Only a recommendation,” the female representative said.
“And what’s the vector?” he asked.
“EM Wave,” she answered.
Marcos considered the proposal. EM Wave was designated a level 3 attack vector. His father’s network of cyber consultants and spies have long armored and defended this band of EM radiation used for communication. Viruses have gotten sophisticated but not as quickly as the intelligence to defend it. But still—Marcos looked at the sixteen smiling faces—his gut told him “no.”
“Then our answer is also No,” the woman said. “We will withdraw our investment and in addition for wasting our time, Mr. Di Assisi, we will blackwall you from our network.”
He let that sink in. The access value was roughly three trillion. But of the world’s 200 trillion, it was a drop in the bucket. However, he did not have access to all of it, and for most of it, 99% by his count, it was through his father.
Marcos Di Assisi would never sell his father’s access. But this ground of Sapients had an interesting proposal.
“Titan Lee’s solution for the AI for perfect fusion is only months away by our calculation,” the board said, “after which he will have infinite power at his disposal and Nolen Dawn will need to find another buyer for his vast amounts of energy.”
“But—we have found a way through the Chinese blockade,” the board said. And that was all they said. The rest was left to Marcos Di Assisi to interpret.
“How can you prove it?” He asked them.
They showed him a zero-knowledge proof of their ability. He gave them a code and they sent it over the quarantine band in the L2 Lagrange Point.
He received it without knowing how they got through.
This was interesting news to Marcos and he conserved it, because at every moment one of his three hundred and thirty-three siblings, had for the auspiciousness of the number and numerality, these siblings were also trying to curry favor with his father. If anyone of them had this information, they were also stumped by the way to contact their father.
“We will find a use for our energy,” he said.
“But what industry would you find that is bigger than asteroid mining? Certainly you could manufacture more hotels and spaceships, but at what time do you just need more resources again and buy from Titan Lee? You have energy, he has matter. Now he will have energy too.”
His father had been fuming about this deal between the solar farm and the ai fused sun. A company that he had let slip in the warfare of corporate take-over like a M&A version of Go had become the necessary breakthrough that led to the advancement of this AI. Now the Chinese will get their fused sun and Nolen Dawn will have too much energy on his hands to sell. He made robots too but the materials were just not enough. Strangely, he had made the bet on energy and he had bet right but he did not expect the game to advance so far. He had outplayed the last game and the scope was nearly the system of Sol.
Marcos shifted his feet and repositioned himself. He was nonplussed. The successfulness of the negotiation gave him little stress, because he had planted a bug on the net that would intercept any message from any of his siblings to his father. He would copy his father’s demeanor, get the information from them, and then give it to his father.
His eyes lit up. The idea of being a man in the middle to sanitize the information had never occurred to him before. How strange, to steal information to check its safety, he thought.
“I’m interested,” he said to the board. Now he needed to rile them up. He knew his siblings were listening on their own adaptations with this Sapient group. After all, their neural-consciousness was connected in a bank of computers. They could have any number of interactions, virtually, but out of respect their living bodies came here.
“You understand, if I bring this information to my father and it is what you say,” Marcos said, “I would become his inheritor. He would have no more qualms about bequeathing everything to me because this would be a winning move that gives him the match.”
The Sapients nodded almost frothing at the mouth.
“But—if you are a cyber virus and you overtake him, then I get nothing. So, you see my problem?” Marcos finished. Now it was the waiting game again.
The board reconvened.
“Yes, we understand your predicament. We will give you 50 billion for your access and you have all immunity to outcome. Our intention is to advise your father, but your insurance policy and logic is sound.”
“100 billion, and throw in a space yacht with free maintenance for life,” Marcos said. The amount was extraordinary. He even found himself salivating a bit.
The board discussed quickly and came to an answer. Marcos could feel it was because some of his siblings were beginning to cave, which made his wager worth zero if any did.
“80 billion and no boat, final offer,” the board said.
And there, a movement on the wave. One of the cousins had spilled the beans. But she was too low on the rank to connect to Nolen Dawn. What she connected to was a false portal used as a honey pot trap for adversaries. Her line became silent. It was an unusual move, but it meant the board had ill intentions. It was indeed under all that cloak and dagger a clustered virus. It must have, seeing the cousin had introduced it to a false portal, terminated the uplink and their essence was gone from the Wyrd, the networked wave they could all access and feel.
Hoping he did not yet know, the Sapients raised their offer.
“90, boat, final offer,” the board said.
Marcos was very intrigued. He could do quite a lot more things with ninety billion BIPS. But… should his father’s empire lose the final battle then the victor, Titan Lee and the Chinese, could take away his wealth. These battles do have consequences and his 90 billion BIPS could be worth zero. He had been a bit of a fool. But perhaps he could benefit still from this. Although he had originally desired to test the board as a man in the middle, now he had a different opportunity. He could catch this neural-virus and demand its origins. And at the mention of 90 billion BIPS as reward, there was another stronger movement on the Wyrd. Then another. Three of them total.
Marcos activated his blockade on the Wyrd. His information sphere intercepted the signal from the siblings.
“Father, I have something important to tell you…” one said.
“… There is a way past the blockade…” the other said.
“… Cost is contracting with a group of Sapients. No I don’t know their names…” the last said.
In reality, they were not communicating with Nolen Dawn but with Marcos’s simulated spheres on the Wyrd. The siblings did not know. Marcos waited for the information to be spilled, but the Board was observing him. He had to make it look like he was calculating the odds of the benefits to him, not that he was waiting for the siblings to spill the beans fast enough. He clutched his head and retched.
The board slipped back.
He hacked out a slew of coughs and held his hand out for water. He gripped a cup and dabbed a handful on his temple. The Sapients understood. This human had overheated calculating the results using his wet-ware brain. They could calculate it perfectly. Now their calculation rose, their own odds of success was increasing. It got sloppy.
In one of the spheres, Marcos’s essence within a fake projected Nolen Dawn, contracted with the Sapients.
They turned on him immediately. Within a moment of contact, the parasitic consciousness leapt at who they thought was Nolen Dawn. The neural consciousness wrapped its venomous tentacles around the consciousness of Nolen Dawn and extended roots and networks into Nolen Dawn. The Board was ecstatic, it was about to be transferred to the man who owned half the world.
The trap worked.
The image of Nolen Dawn was networked to a cage instead. The Sapient found itself within impenetrable blackice that burned on the touch. It screeched. The sound made Marcos turn off the link. The catch was made.
The Board before Marcos in the flesh knew they were defeated. One of their instances were gone. The members stood up and clutched their folders. Without speaking, they filed out of the boardroom in a single-file.
“What, got nothing to say?” Marcos asked.
Only the last woman turned her head and glared at Marcos.
“I’ll make it talk then I’ll find out where you are, I’m coming for you,” Marcos said. The group left. He sat down and sighed.
What a day’s work. He had not only captured an adversary with the potential to further expose its weakness and get the information to pass the blockade, he had also doomed three of his competition for inheritance. He chuckled. The sun had set and it was already night and he had not noticed. Cars with their head beams on glided by below his window but the light from inside made the view blank and dark outside. Marcos saw his own image reflected in the glass.
A good day, he thought. Moderation.

[Want to write so bad; L4 ideas]
[“Hot writer guy” exploration, Marcos Di Assisi]
[Training, batman with a quil and ink]
[AGI isn’t AGI until it can create a human]
[Style and balance: Try “opposite is true” or “lean into extreme” to find the balance of styles.]
[L4: Time: Earth 2069
Character: Marcos Di Assisi
Explore taste and trust in art]
[L4: PLOT: Cyber battlefield]
[Creation of the “New Humans” Valentine and etc]
[WW that leads to fault breaking off California]
[Tsunamis and change]
[AI that predicts the future]

“What mind is this that wakes up each morning and berates itself?” Marcos Di Assisi wondered. He counted fifty push-ups. Shifting his weight forward, he perched on his bent arms and balanced his body weight. Gentle drum beat from an old edm tape rupted into lyrics. He swung his weight into an inverted hand stand, then cartwheeled to his feet.
He sighed and exhaled all the air skillfully out of his lungs through his nostrils. He did it so precisely that a small knot unwound in his back and his spine popped a bit. He also did the same self adjustment to his neck.
A pair of french horns sounded.
He looked outside his curved bay window.
An old man trekked uphill outside under partial shade of mangrove trees. The houses were painted white and beige, one had a set of blue tiles for a roof. A stout, brutalist building with fine railings blocked part of the view like a great big concrete cube. A speeder cruised up the lane. Another blue one passed by. Marcos Di Assisi looked up from his window. The small house he was in sat on a hill and looked outward to a partial view of the bay. A red bridge—The Golden Gate—connected his part of the island—San Francisco Prime—and the marin headlands. The sky was blue and the clouds were serene. A constant thumping went on in the background, but a normal vibration screen was enough to mute it. Marcos’ Di Assis’s vibration screen was upgraded to a noise scope near military grade. Nothing got in and it could repeal lasers for up to two hundred and fourty volts.
The gentle french horns continued, evoking a sea breeze that truly did arrive through slits in the window. He looked up. To his right, a half drank cup of coffee cooled and linged. His desk was littered with book turned every which way in stacks. They did not go beyond four books usually. He swirled the coffee to mix the settling grounds and considered his options.
[L$: I want to make the best thing I can make whatever it is—undermine forces in the quest for Greatness. Instead of focusing on what making this wil bring me, focus on what I contribute to this art to make it the best it could be with no limitations. I inhabit it. If I were to build a visitation on top of a mountain, then I would make everything comfortable and beautiful to me. This is the essence of art and it should be how I think about the book until it is finished before my commercial consideration.]
[L4: Evolutionary advantage of feeling pain? Why feel growing pains? Why can’t the body just heal on its own?]
He got down again into push up position and began with the rhythm of the music.
The neuralaced Sapients he caught would be good for his Father, Marcos thought. He had requested a meeting. The request was still pending.

[Regroup after Nora’s call 3/4; “Genre: Cosmic Detective. Finding out the reality of their world.]





