Ged Han was not a brave man nor a coward. He liked staying alive and having a little more to drink every now and then. He preferred a warm bed, with one or two women to liven it up. He preferred the snows of winter to the scorching summers. And he preferred to rest easy than being an hassassin. But he had to make a living.
The Prince of the Haz, Lyon Alaggada, has hired Ged Han to kill his brother as a test of his security. He preferred to keep his family’s safety his main priority. Lyon personally vetted all the guards defending the Haz King’s throne room deep in the desert. Two spinning pyramid turrets with auto cannons and laser swarms would decimate any target in miliseconds. But here in the depth of Winter, the Haz are cut off from their only other human counterpart, the Shakyans. The desert is sealed off by the toxins of the hatching vyvvyan beetles. It’ll be four months until spring when the beetle metamorphisize and the desert opens again. The toxins will then have crystallized into rare fuel by the humidity from the sea and the softer suns. The spices, or salt of dreams, are sold at incredible prices.
The Prince Hyfe is writing at his desk in his bunker. Lyon knocks once and enters.
“You’ve let yourself in again,” Hyfe said.
“Have you seen the combat reports? We’ve being decimated in the tunnels,” Lyon said. He propped himself up on a small couch. He leaned his legs against the fire pit.
“The new visors are not working?” Hyfe asked. He looked over.
“Most of the time. But the afternoon lights are tricky,” Lyon said.
“Have you seen one of them?” Hyfe asked.
Lyon nodded.
“Not just them, but the aftermath. A trail of microwaved bodies boiling in the streets,” Lyon answered. “I looked up and it was this giant gently walking through, as if he was just strolling through a garden. Towns vaporized under his footsteps.”
“What brought him down?” Hyfe asked.
“Sunlight. A concentrated amount of sunlight,” Lyon answered.
“Where are you going to get that here?” Hyfe asked, pointing to the overcast grey sky. Thick blankets of clouds held up the sky like Michaelangelo’s paintings held up the Sistine Chapel.
“We got a couple solar nukes,” Lyon said. “They lost one in the tunnels today. Heard there were chimera down there.” He shook his held and thew the report down. He rubbed his nose bridge for some relief and closed his eyes.
“How can I help?” Hyfe asked.
“Will you join the battle tomorrow?” Lyon asked.
“Of course,” Hyfe said.
“You know I have not taken you for granted,” Lyon said.
“Of course not,” Hyfe answered.
Lyon nodded and got up. “I’ll have a few more generals to convince,” he said.
“So we’re going to charge them?”
“At dawn, we’re going to nuke the skies and part the clouds. We’ll use that sunlight to destroy the enemy. Along with all of our own artillery.”
Hyfe nodded. He returned to his book.


They stood at the mouth of the valley. It was near dawn but the horizon was dark. The trees groaned from the wind. Gust formed everywhere and tornado heads threatened to sustain.
“Do you see it?” Lyon asked. His visors flashed.
Hyfe along with the other generals saw the microwave giant walking through the valley. Their visors tuned to the same spectral wavelength.
“Ready the nukes,” Lyon said.
The procedure began to countdown. 3—2—1—
The sky parted like flowers. Each trio of blossoms pushed back the thick cloud. Sunlight shone in. Sparks flew in the valley as the microwave giant cowered beneath so much energy. Its barriers were disrupted. Its innards leaked out and it vaporized into fire and heat. A burning effigy of its last moment was left in the wildfire.
The generals congratulated each other.
Lyon was unamused.
“What is wrong,” Hyfe asked.
“We don’t have many more nukes,” he said. “And we don’t know how to make them. After the next attack, we won’t have a counter.”
Hyfe looked at Lyon, the one who’s never satisfied. He shrugged. “I’ll have your fun for you,” he said and linked arms with fellow comrades in celebration.
The entire camp was alive that night. Bonfires. Spits. Barbeque. Wild meats and wild times. The drinks were flowing, so were the music and the dancing. Wild romps were concealed in the many fern groves, and the celebration lasted through the morning. Local cooks made morning buns for the soldiers and the exchange of good well continued. At the third day, the soliders were welcomed away with a parade.
Hyfe rode beside Lyon.
“What’ll we do next?” Hyfe asked Lyon.
“Do?” Lyon said.
“Are we not doing anything?”
“I thought you were enjoying the celebrations.”

[L3: Future post-cyberpunk military against mega fauna]
[L4: What is the ecologists won?]

[L4: Leftist and Rightist horror]

“Is that wound alright?” Hyfe asked. He saw Lyon clutching at his wrist again. The squadron was celebrating another day alive. The sky was calm and dark at night. Twinkling stars light the way for mountains. A band of black separated the forest from the horizon. Seas swayed far and away.
Lyon nodded. Looking down, his wound was festering gangrenous. It pulsed with a rhythm countradictory to his own. He grimaced and bit down. Hyfe got beside him and examined the wound.
“That looks infected,” he said, motioning for the medic. Tovaldis turned and carefully with a insuregent needle pointed it at Lyon’s shoulder.
“Get that away from me,” Lyon growled.
Peter Hyfe motioned the medic down. Lyon/Leo settled down.
“Chill man,” Leo said. Peter relaxed into a couch. He agreed.
The squadron had upped the volume on the speakers. They popped bottles and clothes went flying off.
“Why, are all units prone to this hedonism?” Hyfe Peter asked.
“Why not? Never know if it’s your last night to live,” Leo said.
“But really… if tomorrow was your last day, your last night would be had in an orgy?” Hyfe Peter said.
“Well no—I suppose. I would have a nice Christmas Eve dinner with my fam,” Leo admitted.
“Truly,” Hyfe Peter said.

After a while of basking, Hyfe Peter asked. “What are we going to do about tomorrow?”
Leo climbed onto a couch and wrapped himself in a blanket. “We’re stationed at the bunker, what do you mean?”
“How much longer are we defending the bunker?” Peter asked.
“For as long as we can,” Leo said. “You don’t want to do into active battle.”
“I guess not…” Hyfe said. “But what about the threats from the East?”
Leo leaned out and pointed at a cliffside. Intermittently, thick, prismatic laser beams exploed through the sky. It collided with large targets in the dark and popped like fireworks. The dark figures could be seen struggling to stay afloat, then sinking.
“That—” Leo pointed, “That’s where the real battle is. We’re just manager,” he said.
Hyfe Peter looked over at the cliff. The automated guns rained down on unseen enemies across the horizon. Explosions painted the sky green and violet.
“What awesome power,” Hyfe said. “But what are we doing here?”
“How so?” Leo said.
“If those cannons are self-firing, what are we doing here?” Hyfe Peter asked.
“For maintenance,” Leo said.
“Have they ever broken?”
“No…”
“And can you fix it?”
“We have a runbook…”
“Come, brother Peter. Let’s have some hot drinks and buttered bread. Your mind gets thinking and outthinks your rank. Come, some toast is good for all of us,” Leo said. He motioned them over to a make-shift kitchen island turned tavern, and ordered a few drinks.
“Food on the house?” he asked.
The young man manning the grill with a cigarette in his mouth said, “grill cheese okay? Only thing we got,”
Leo nodded and gestured for two with his hands. He paid quickly with a swipe and sat down. Hyfe Peter ambled over and sat next to him.
 Hyfe Peter looked at his assignment from tomorrow: “Rush the outer line of the enemy under cover. Use Blitz BomB B-Plus.”
He looked at Leo.
“Have you ever ran an actual mission?” Hyfe Peter asked Leo.
“Heck no, that’s why I’m still alive,” he said.
He showed his wrist to Leo. Leo putzed his lips and the drinks arrived.
“Sorry to see that brothra,” Leo said. He tipped his drink and downed it.
“What do you think of my chances?” Hyfe Peter asked.
Leo looked over at the activity board.
“Crowd has you at 12 to 1,” Leo said.
“No trust, eh?” Hyfe Peter sighed. “I wouldn’t either. How am I suppose to run this bomb across the border. I’ve just been an observation officer.”
“Can you observe tomorrow?” Leo asked.
“No, it says I have to lead the charge. But the robots are AI,” Hyfe compained.
“No look—”oversee the charge.” If the bots fail, just bail as fast as possible.”
Hyfe sighed. He breathed slightly easier.

The morning came for Hyfe’s heroic charge. Two squadrons of twenty-eight auto-runner robots lined the field. Hyfe set his visor at the target.
“Charge!” he yelled. The runners took off. Hyfe hurried to follow, carrying the bomb and scampering to a nearby-hill.
He kept his visor at the target: an embankment on the enemy’s borderline wall. It was seiged with a large cannon. When the enemy soldiers saw the charging automatons, they stggered awake and called the alarms. The air blared with sirens.
Hyfe ran up the hill and saw the automatons swarm through the barrier. The enemy soldiers who didn’t make it out were torn to shreds. Hyfe swallowed his spit at the grotesque and efficient dispatching of enemies. Soon a line was cleared for the bomb. Hyfe handed it over to the nearest automaton and the robot passed the bomb down a chain efficiently. The last lodged the bomb into the heart of the enemy bunker and stayed to ensure the detonation.
The bunker exploded and the cliff-side wall fell. The enemy soldiers retreated en masse. And many were picked off by the auto-turrets scattered around the area. They worked by movement. By morning, the field was littered with the unsuccessful fleeing.
Hyfe was recovered by a medica team in the early hours. He was hyperventilating on one knee. His shoulder had been cut by a piece of metal. Very clean, no tear. The medi-bots patched him up as the helicraft cleared the landing zone. He fell asleep from the amount of hala drug injected into his body at the last second.
When Hyfe “Peters” Alagadda awoke, he found himself a highly decorated war hero. The overtaking of the border allowed the war to open up and the the front was pushed back across the entire way.

Hyfe’s eyes blinked. His body twitched in the mud. His last daydreamed continued with his last breath, and his body hardened like the earth. The spirit was not seen entering nor leaving his body. And it was just become a cold corpse. His tag said, “Clone 18 — Hyfe.”
The Womb sprung into action. The currated plan for Clone 19 — Hyfe was calculated. After three passes of error checking, the Womb ran the plan. A new DNA footprint was created. Two cells osmotized together and began to divide. Life was created and it emerged into a rapid-aging combat drone. Clone number 19 of the Alagadda line. The previous was wiped out at the frontlines with the Angels of the South. Body was microwaved. 18 held the line and won the battle against the Microwave Angels of the South. 19 will be dispatched to the Data Tombs.


[L3: Starting again]
[L4: Magic in dreams, lucid dream; dream machines literal]
[L4: What if you could control and stabilize reality in dreams?]
[No it’s not inception, it’s different. And better.]
[L4: Homage; compassion.]


[L4: War; Skill; To the point]
[L3: In Media Res, war front]
[L4: Stakes: The end of their campaign]
[L5: Layers of motivation: traits, mannerisms, desires, “pushed to the wall” morals]
[L4: Aharah: Strength > Death > Justice. Anais: Chariot > X of Pent > Magician. Hyfei: II of Cups > Knight of Swords > III of Wands. Lyon: Devil “The Illusion” > VIII of Cups > III of Pent]
[L4: Compassion; L5: Compassion]
[L4: Stakes: The end of their campaign. End of battle. Last win.]
[L3/4/5: Choking]



“Do you see them?” Prince Lyon asked his brother, Prince-regent Hyfe. But right now, they were clone number 18 and 19 on the battlefield.
Hyfe shook his head. Nothing showed up in his microwave-length visors. The angels look like musroom gods on the microwave spectrum. Beware of ghosts. Wasn’t that the squad’s motto?
Private Lyon handed Hyfe a waterskin. Without moving his field of view, Hyfe took the nozzle from the waterskin and sucked  liquid nutrition through the hose.
They had been on this bunker and hill for three days and nights, alternating watch. Their War-strider waited on the opposite canyon wall. Its railbeam turret readied and aimed toward the ancient data tombs far in the distance. A low roar shook the tops of trees and birds flew away in swarms.
“Contact. Repeat, contact. Target twenty-thousand.”
Lyon covered his hands over his head. The giant cannon embedded into the valley wall turned and fired in the coded direction. Large beam rounds that drained the energy equivalent of a small town atomized anything in its path. The sky howled as the beam hit something invisible. Clouds wrapped around the ponint of contact like a wound. Sparks shattered on contact and the antlered figure of a microwave giant appeared in the sky, clutching its side. It looked at the two in the bunker.
“Brace for impact,” Lyon said. He covered an arm over Hyfe.
The giant opened its rippling face and fired a beam of concentrated energy against the entrenched soldiers. The bunker’s shield spread the energy in rainbow waves. The cannon fired again, cutting through the giant. It howled and melted away. The bunker’s shield flickered under the sparks then settled to transparent.
“Confirm hit. Tango down,” Hyfe said.
“Confirmed,” a voice said over their comm-speaker. “Return to Overwatch.”
Hyfe sighed deeply. He took off his goggles. The skin around the goggle had gotten consideredly more tanned from the microwaves. His eyes were deep brown. Some of his lashes were white. His hair was shaved with a slight soft peak. He laughed.
“Close,” he said. Lyon laughed and shook his shoulder.
“I thought you were going to whiff that shot,” Lyon laughed.
“No way, I’m not you,” Hyfe said.
“Either way, we cooked those guys. That new encampment auto-turret is doing major work.”
“We’re just baby-sitters,” Hyfe said.
“Let them do all the way, they’re better at it. No shame in maintenance, ya know?”
“You think the rounds blew the circuit?”
“Looks like the bypass is blocked on the diagnostic screen.”
They both sighed and cursed.
Their uniform read: “Battle engineers”
“Call the droids,” Hyfe said, “I’ll go out.”
“And let you mess up the fix? No way,” Lyon said. “I’m coming with you.”
“The bunker?”
“I’ll set it on auto-bunker and it’ll cover us with “aunties” over the field.”

[L1: Compassion L2: Compassion L3: Compassion: L4: Compassion/ L5: Compassion]


[L4: Training; Meet the resistance daily. Resilience and faithful that build progress grants more faith.]


Lyon handed Hyfe a ration.
“You eat yesterday?” Lyon asked.
Hyfe shook his head and pointed to his waist. An auto-nutrient pod was hooked to a port on his side. Lyon nodded and bit into the ration.
“See anything?” Lyon asked.
Hyfe held his hand in the shape of an L near his ear. His visor flickered on.
“Two spooks—twenty clicks south,” he said. “Marching toward us.”
“Keep a spot on them,” Lyon said. He set the half-eaten ration aside and got down prone next to the main gun. He thrusted his shoulder into the recoil mount and spotted down the sights. Under the specialized microwave-wavelength viewer, he saw the tall shapes hovering toward them. They looked like white christmas trees glowing with light, so much so that they seemed to spread wings and a head. No solider had seen what was after that.
“Spot,” Lyon announced.
“Mark—1; Mark—2;” Hyfe said.
Lyon confirmed the blinkers that appeared above the microwave anomalies. The main gun’s auto-targeting system fired one shot, direct hit, fired a second shot, direct hit. The gun expended its charging round. A new round was loaded in and the temperatured waited to reach equilibrium before the next round could be readied.
“Got’em,” Lyon said.
“Confirmed kill. 1. 2,” Hyfe said. He exhaled and the visor shut off. The holographic screen vanished and he was sweating.
“They were close,” Hyfe said.
“Twenty clicks?” Lyon said. He reached for the rest of the rations. He offered again. Hyfe accepted and Lyon split him a small nibblet.
“The manual says they before leathal at 15,” Hyfe said.
“We had five clicks,” Lyon said, shrugging.
“The manual also said they can instantly evaporate and appear anywhere within 3-5 clicks. They would put them right on top of us…” Hyfe said.
“You need to relax,” Lyon said shacking his head slowly as he bit his chew. “Always worried about nothing.”
“I don’t think dying is nothing,” Hyfe said.
“Dramatic like a pubescient,” Lyon said, still shaking his head. “Grow out of it.”
Hyfe shrugged off the visor gear. Straps came undone and a holo-visor harness came off his shoulder. He stretched his neck. If he were being honest, he preferred the harness. The tightness helped calm his nerves in battle.
Lyon threw the wrapper away.
“Hey don’t do that,” Hyfe said.
Lyon gave him the finger. He looked down the sights again, casually establishing a watchful pattern.
The valley was quiet and clear. Pines covered the hills. A small, rushed breeze swept through and picked up the treetops. The pollened colored the vortex yellow. The wind intensified and the yellow vortex collapsed inward as sparks ignited the pollen into fire. The heat expanded and from the ignition, one of the microwave anomalies was revived. The battlefield grew a few degrees warmer.
The perimeter alarm went off.
“What happened?” Hyfe yelled, dropping down next to Lyon.
Lyon kept cursing. The round had recharged but it was a dud. He had not ejected it. So now a new round was waiting to charge. A second vortext exploded into another microwave anomaly.
The perimater alarm blared.
“We didn’t finish them off,” Lyon said, cursing.
“We?” Hyfe said. “You’re the gunner. Why didn’t you take another shot?”
“You’re blaming me?” Lyon said, exasperrated and so bewildered that he was amused. “The round was charging.”
“And you didn’t take a shot when it was charged,” Hyfe yelled over the alarm.
“Down what? A dead valley?” Lyon said and elbowed Hyfe in the eye. “Get the visor!” He yelled at Hyfe, who was the lower rank in combat. The extra jab through the elbow was from Lyon to Hyfe, the older to the younger brother.
Hyfe scrambled to gather the visor.
“Get down!” Lyon yelled and kicked Hyfe.
Hyfe was knocked off his knee and crashed into the ground. 
“What was that for?” Hyfe cursed at Lyon.
The atmosphere gave him his answer. Above their microwave shield, the forest caught on fire. The perimeter alarm combusted and the artificial blare stopped. The fire roared and raged in typhoons.
“Charge,” Lyon said.
Hyfe scrambled to get the visor over his head. He turned toward the encroaching forest and the viewport flickered on.
Two microwave anomalies, as tall as the hills, strod through the entrace to the valley.
“Emptying full round into the closest one,” Lyon remarked. The auto-targeting system loaded the round and unloaded two shots into the nearest microwave anomaly. The first shot burned through its plasma and the second struck its core.
The center of the vanquished anomaly collapsed together into a pressurized bomb. The bomb detonated, vaporizing the valley.
“Recharge,” Hyfe said, scanning through his visor.
“Recharging—” Lyon said, as he emptied and the auto-mount reloaded the next round. The tinning whirl sound of the round rechargined assured Lyon. He breathed out a little easier.
“No anomalies detected,” Hyfe said.
There was a near perfect hole missing in the valley in the shape of a sphere. The center was where the anomaly had collapsed. A cloud of smoke drifted around the crater.
Hyfe looked through his visor. The microwave-length world revealed the surface of the valley beyond the obstruction of the dust.
“Clear,” Hyfe announced. But he was uncertain.
Lyon looked down his sights. The recharge completed and he heard a ding.
“Charged,” he said. The protocol was now to observe and wait. Every round was expensive and they were not to be wasted.
Not again. Not on my watch, Lyon thought.
“Firing—1. 2,” he said. Hyfe’s shock could be heard as silence.
The auto-target fired two shots down range. Their tracers flashed pink to emerald green as they passed through the valley. They diminished without striking anything at the target anomaly’s spectrum.
“Clear,” Lyon said. Hyfe could be heard sighing. He kept the visor on as the dust cleared down the valley. A gust blew threw and put out the small fires that had started on dried leaves.
Lyon relaxed and withdrew from the turret. He had left it reloaded.
“Remark to command, automate reloading of turret charges,” Lyon said to Hyfe. The latter’s auto-scribe noted the instruction and stowed it for later.
“Looks like rain,” Lyon said.
The sudden change in temperature from the anomalies superheating stored water in the atmosphere. And as the temperate dropped, the water evaporated. Suddenly, a downpour. Rain thick as threads fell from the sky. The blanket of rain smothered the fire. The soil turned dark.
As quickly as it came, the rain stopped. The air lingered with moisture.
“Let’s get out of this hellhole,” Hyfe said. His visor flicked off. Lyon could not agree more.
They humped their gear on their backs and doubled it back. They reached the bunker at sunrise.

Hyfe flung his visor and harness into the corner. The lump of gear thumped when it landed on the ground. Lyon set the auto-turret on the workbench and began disassembling it for cleaning.
“Can I get a hand with this?” Lyon asked.
“A minute,” Hyfe said. He undressed and started the shower. A fierce steaming nailstorm of shower water sterilized his body. He clenched his fist from the burn. The water turned ice cold. He relaxed and let out a long sigh. He reached for the soap oil and smothered his hair and face. Then he sat under the shower as the cold water woke him up. Hyfe let out a yelp as he got of of the shower. Lyon was up to his elbow in grease.
“Who are you trying to impress?” Hyfe said.
“What does that mean?” Lyon said, his voice sharp.
“Sergeant’s not checking in on us,” Hyfe said. He got onto his bed. The panoramic window darkened as the sun rose. The valley lit up. Jagged corridors and straight cliffs came out of the shadow. 	“We almost died. You could leave it for tomorrow,” Hyfe said and kicked up his feet. The large circular chamber filled with a soft chorus and warm trumpets.
“You think I’m doing this for show?” Lyon said. He set down a part of the barrel and a handful of steel wool.
Hyfe shook his head. Leave it.
The wall beside his bed was hollowed out and installed with a bookshelf. Hyfe reached out and grabbed a magazine sheet. He unfolded it.
A cheerful black-haired girl in an army uniform appeared on the unfolded sheet. She snapped to attention with a smile.

[L4: Why? Why are they fighting? Who is this? Where are they? Southern Border fighting the microwave anomalies and having served six years are eligible for return to the empire Capital. What is entertainment like in the future? What’s a magazine?”]

“In war news,” she said, “the anomaly outbreak near the southern border is eighty-percent contained. Confirmed kill of two microwave anomalies by clones 18 and 19 near the Hupasa Valley has stopped the enemy in their tracks… for now. The radiation level from the data tombs dropped by 14% after the incident. Games and Theory predict the enemy is energy sensitive during winter time, fueling the theory that the enemy uses as much solar as nuclear; if not more. However, Research is still uncertain about the source of their solar power. The Southern Region is mostly obscured by storms.”
Hyfe had already fallen asleep. His head dropped back and his tongued dangled out. Saliva soaked the sheet.
[Drive the story forward]

After a while Hyfe woke up. The sun had set and the valley was dark again. Lyon was propped up by the fire pit grilling a skewer of meat. Hyfe got up and got under the shower. A quick, cold spritz woke him up. He got dressed and stepped into the fire pit.
The hens exuded oil as they roasted. The aroma filled the chamber. Hyfe reached out and Lyon took the stick away.
“What gives?” Hyfe said.
“Make your own food,” Lyon said.
“—I was taking a nap,” Hyfe said.
“Exactly, now make your own food,” Lyon said. He took the stick out of the fire and examined the hens. He set the stick on a rest post then moved the hens over the fire. He turned the stick.
Hyfe cracked his hands and got up. He we went to the storage freezer. There were three stacks of rations. They were marked: 16 months, 42 months, and 10 years. From the 16-months, he took a chicken flavored nutrient packet and warmed it in the food prepper. Lyon tested the chicken with his finger, and deeming it well roasted, slide the birds onto a large but shallow wood bowl. The birds rested on a bed of sprigs and herbs with some roasted potatoes. Hyfe clicked his nutrient packet against his side and twisted the pod. Pneumatics hissed and the pod locked into place. His suit’s digestive system passed the nutrient package into his at a drip pace. He felt more alert.
Hyfe crossed over to the common area and swung his legs over the couch. A large screen brightened with a video projection. The cheerful army girl with the black bangs saluted the troops.
“Today on the agenda, counterattack,” she said, reading from a transparent piece of paper. “The Orders from High Command is to take the fight over Hupasa Valley into enemy territory. It is high time we found out the enemy’s energy sources.” Rows of virtual soldiers saluted from behind her. Hyfe gave a quick, casual salute, as did Lyon.
“Counter-attack?” Hyfe said, leaning toward Lyon.
“We’ve never been over that valley,” Lyon said. “Don’t you find that unbelievable? A hundred years in this war and that’s the furthest we’ve gone.”
“They didn’t have the knowledge we have know,” Hyfe said.
“They didn’t come back,” Lyon said. “Three separate campaigns to take the valley—three separate failures.”
“—At least they were trying something—” Hyfe said.
“What? You tired already?” Lyon said with a smirk.
“No I just had a lovely night of rest,” Hyfe said, “Why? You tired, Old Man?”
Lyon smiled and shook his head.
The auto-turret had been disassembled, cleaned, and re-assembled with an upgrace. The machine shop automated the reload.

“You ever wonder—what do they need us for?” Hyfe said.
[L4: NOTE: I think this sentence is the essence of this story; HOWEVER, how does criticism of beaurucrazy fit into this story?]
They had slung on their gear and made the slump over the valley to the entrance of the Hupasa pass. Hyfe and Lyon laid low under a temporary, camouflage cover in the branches of pine trees.
Lyon had his shoulder rested on the auto-turret’s mount and his gaze was a beam down the gun sights.
“Never wondered, never asked,” he said. On his visor, markers appeared of the other clone teams.
“I mean—you “shoot” the gun. But you don’t “really” shoot the gun,” Hyfe said. He was slumped against the trunk of the tree. His visor was turned off. He looked out over the treetop into the valley as the sun rose. It was a forest of deep green pine trees.
“Mark,” Lyon said.
“Mark,” Hyfe replied. He sat up as his visor flickered on.
A contorted wave patter fluttered over the Huapa Valley pass. The heat signature rose around it to a pink and orange aura. The shape resembled a flapping buttlerfly.
“Anomaly sighted,” Hyfe said.
“Confirmed, waiting for orders,” Lyon replied.
Hyfe’s heart sped up. The giant wavelength butterfly scattered over the V shape of the pass and lifted upward. The trees beneath it were showered with a prismatic dust.
Before a reply came, two shots came from the right and left side of the valley. Two other teams fired upon the anomaly. The impacting charge shells flashed when it struck and tore through the anomaly. Shadows printed on the ground from the flash. Then the trees of the valley blew outward. The sonic boom impacted Hyfe and Lyon. Everything shook. Hyfe buried his head into his hands. When the aftershocks had gone, he lifted his head again and saw Lyon still unflinching, staring down the sights. The valley had cleared the V was opened.
“C. 18, 19; Head into the valley. And opening has been created,” a clinical voice said over their symlinq connection. Markers designating the other teams moved to cover their way in.
“Let’s go,” Lyon said. He got up and packaged the auto-turret.
Hyfe stowed his visor and engaged his harness. The vest hissed with pressure as the complications folded into the back and chest-piece.
“Are we really going in?” Hyfe asked Lyon on their private channel.
Lyon gave Hyfe an incredulous look.
“Of course we are,” Lyon answered.
Hyfe looked down slightly ashamed he had asked the question.  Yet he felt it should be asked, even though the outcome remained the same.
“No one’s come out alive,” Hyfe said.
“14 and 15 came out,” Lyon answered. The auto-turrect was stowed on his back and leg. He tugged the gear and it clicked together into armor.
“And where are they now?” Hyfe asked.
“Sipping food through straws,” Lyon said. He looked at the map and set their course.
“Come on,” Lyon said. He started moving.
“I mean—why us?” Hyfe said. “Why do they need us in there? Why not just send the droids.”
“They want “Live Evidence,”” Lyon said.
They came to a clearing where two military pods awaited them. Lyon loaded his auto-turrent onto the first pod. The pod integrated the auto-turrent and opened a seat. Lyon stepped into the armor that then sealed around him. Hyfe followed, loading his visor and stepping in. The pod integrated the visor and the course lit up before them.
Hyfe led the way to the mouth of the valley. The sky was an eerie blue. Grey clouds also hung ahead.
“Approaching the entrance,” Hyfe announced. He stepped onto the ledge where the trees stopped. A drop revealed a sweeping view of the forest as far as the eye could see. The tops of the trees swept and glimmered like a green ocean. Beneath, wild life contended in the shade of their stalks. Here the trees reign supreme since ancient times.
[L4/5: This is Hassan. Technology to extremes. Ecology to extremes.]
“Proceed, ” a clinical voice announced over comms. “We will cover the opening for one hour.”
[Edit note: This is all pretty bland. Not compelling. Why are they doing any of this? Action movies in text are kina boring.]

[L3/4: Emotionally compelling; Physically challenging; Urgent: They can only cover the opening for an hour. The team has an hour to recover anything in the crater. Urgency to explore and push the limits. Emotionally compelling: Lyon—if they make history and bring back something of value, he and his clone could move near the Haz King. For Hyfe—curious about the origins of the angels.]

“Come on, don’t you want to find out what those things are?” Lyon said as he and his armored unit galloped near top pace. The threes whizzed by. Hyfe pounded the dirty paths and skipped over moss-covered rocks.
Hyfe did. But the unchecked speed made him uneasy. He sped up.
“Why are you going so fast?” Hyfe asked.
“We only have an hour,” Lyon said. Their units came to the bottom of the hill. Lyon turned and protracted claws sprung from his unit’s ankles and bit into the ground. The machine clawed to a stop, and without losing momentum, sprinted forward, picking up speed again.
Only a few have come this far, Lyon thought, —a few more steps and I’ll have gone the furthest of anyone.
Hyfe’s unit strained to catch up at Lyon’s side. Hyfe lunged to dodge tree trunks. Dried cherry blossom trees blew by. But he clipped one and his unit spun out of control, denting into a tree.
Lyon grunted. He looked at the clearing of the trees, the limit of their collective knowledge. He looked at Hyfe’s unit, clumsily getting up. Lyon diverted his course and back-pedalled to Hyfe and picked him up. He didn’t need to say anything to convey his disappointment. They started toward the clearing. Hyfe pedaled more carefully.
When they reached the clearing, they hid in the trees. Hyfe scanned for anomalies but it came back with nothing.
“You know, if we step forward, it’ll be the furthest anyone’s been,” Lyon said, mostly for himself.
“Let’s keep the guns here,” Lyon said. He stepped out of his drone. The machine deployed into a stationary auto-turret platform. It glimmered once to signal it was ready then its synthetic armor activated its camouflage and the unit became invisible. Hyfe exited his drone as well and it unfolded into a smaller anti-personnel turret.
“Stiff in there,” Hyfe announced, stretching his neck.
“I feel naked,” Lyon said. He charged his blast beam and popped his shield.
[L4: mini-heist; follow heist structure: setup, clear goal, showcase skills, complication or twist; grab and escape]

The morning sun cast a sweeping ray from the East that stretched the first shadows long. The bridge looked pale-pink and other-worldly without fog dressing it up. Its shadow was broken in two on the hills.

[L3/4: What do they find? Defeat the Ego?]

The clearing looked harmless. Plentiful bugs and flies darted on top of the uneven sprig leaves. The sun doted on the center with a soft halo of light.
A resolute voice came on the comms link. “Thirty minutes passed,” it said, its nonchallance and warning contrasted with the placidness of the meadow and irked Hyfe.
“Let’s get on with it,” Hyfe said.
The scenery remained unchanged but something about its apparent serenity disturbed Lyon. “Wait,” he said.
“What is it? What do you see?” the mission commander asked over comms.
“An unlikely peaceful scene from my childhood, sir,” Lyon answered.
“From your childhood?” comms asked.
Childhood? Why do I not remember it? Hyfe wondered.
“Yes—this was my memory of a perfectly calm afternoon in July before I enlisted,” Lyon said.
“—Go on—” comms encouraged.
“It cannot be here because… those blue flowers? Arcacia Mororandom… only lived on the West Coast. I haven’t seen one since I was a “kid”. One of the earliest agro-blights destroyed its gene-line.”
“What is it then? A projection?” Hyfe asked. He shifted his weight.

[Editor’s note: Very random right now, it’s ok keep going]
