The Elephant Wrestler

	The Hazzan elephant is a massive beast. Weighing in at fourty tons, males are aggressive during the summer season of mustk when their hormones surge and will attack anything they find to be a challenge. The female elephants are smaller and travel in broods with their young, while males are expelled after youth and travel in loose packs and will fuse and separate from broods as they mate with females. The largest and most powerful, however, are the matriach elephants. Towering over even the largest males and living for centuries, an elephant matriach will keep growing until taken by some natural sickness.

Her name was Matriye and she was the matriach of an elephant brood. Matriye had lived for two hundred years, wandering the harsh Wilderness with her brood. Her memory stretches across time. By instinct along, she could lead them to water from the depth of the desert. Throughout her life, she had mothered eighty calves until she became too large to mate. Her last babe, a calf named Yamamin, had gestated inside of her for three years. Now, he was chained before her, trumpeting high and loud for her. Her eyes saw red.
Matriye tugged against her own chains. The links were as large and thick as her tusks. Yamamin’s cries sounded like thunder. My son, she cried, let go of my son, man-ape!
The sound of drums echoed throughout the arena and gathered strength. She felt the vibration through her feet. It drove her further mad. She extended her head to high heaven and a chain snapped. The separated links rebounded and whipped the ground beside her, crushing men and machine like ants. She cried and her trumpet raised the dust from the ground and covered the arena in a blood-red mist. She could hear Yamamin calling to her. Matriye struggled to her feet from her knees, but the chains tightened around her and brought her back down.
Mother is coming—be strong my son! She cried. The young elephant answered with a whimper. Ten thousand man-apes jeered and their deafening cacophonous cry grated her to the bone. Disgusting, filthy animals! Horrid, horrid being! I will kill you all!
The drums gathered speed and a portal opened on the opposite side of the arena. A man-ape dressed in gold and white like a lily stepped forward, followed like a dozen like hime. They walked in a phalanx toward the young elephant and chanted with their bald heads bowed. Yamamin struggled to get away but his overseers dragged him down.
The ceremonial leader walked toward Yamamin and touched the youth’s head. For a moment, Yamamin calmed. Then, he pulled out a glinting metal fang from his robe and pierced Yamamin’s throat. A red geyser spurted out. Yamamin’s cry was choked by his own blood. He struggled, gargled, and died.
Matriyeh went mad. [How to show?]
Her voice shouted to the sky that it cracked the stone foundations of her chains. Her mind held only one thought: Kill. She lunged forward and uprooted the chains holding her. She charged at the man-apes who stood silent and unmoved in her way. She lowered her head and her four razor-sharp tusks sliced through them. Their half bodies flew into the air and landed around her in pink mists. Matriyeh ran to Yamamin and lifted her calf with her trunk. Kill—
The crowd roared. They began to clap in unison with the drums. And they shouted in their devious tongue the name of her great enemy in the Wilderness.
“Hazza,” the legion of man-apes shouted and beat their chests, “Hazza! Hazza!”
A giant man-ape leapt into the arena. The crowd roared.
Matriyeh turned to face her enemy, keeping her son close to her. I will protect you, her mad mind said. The giant walked toward her. It was much larger than any man-ape she had ever seen. Its skin was obsidian black. Its eyes was all white without pupils. Its hands were as large as her paws. She charged.
Matriyeh tucked her head and rammed her tusk into the giant man-ape. The crowd hushed. The giant ducked under her tusks. She skidded to a stop, turned and charged again. She swung her head to gore him but this giant moved as nimbly as a lion. Her tusks found nothing but air. But the chains still attached to her whipped around with the moment and slammed into the giant. He blocked with his left forearm. The chain wrapped around his arm. As Matriyeh passed him, she dragged him with her. He dug his feet into the ground like anchors and she stopped. She had never felt an animal as powerful as this. Even the largest apex males were outclassed by this giant man-ape’s strength. But this challenge only fueled her rage. Her calf sagged loosely in her trunk. Mama will save you.
The giant twirled the chain and keep it circulating in the air. Matriyeh charged him again. He was ready. He threw the chains under her feet and she toppled and feet. Her chin cracked on the ground and Yamamin flew out of her grasp. She howled and got to her feet. The giant dropped the chain and squared up facing her. Matriye dug her feet into the ground like a bull and charged at him. The giant did not move. She whipped her head right and gored with her left tusk. The giant dropped. But she was ready for him. She dropped her head and caught her in her tusk. The point went through his hand. The crowd gasped.
I will crush him, I will grind him into dust and Yamamin and I will go back to the desert, to the Oasis, back to our tribe.
Matriyeh turned to her right and she felt her tusk rip through the giant’s hand. I have him now. But the giant turned with her. He pinched her tusk under his elbow and used her momentum against her. He timed his turn with hers and when she stepped forward off balance, the giant man-ape extended a leg thick as a tree and caught her below the knee.
Matriyeh flew up into the air. The crowd roared. Drums beat so loudly that clouds parted and the dome of the sky echoed with their boom. Matriyeh crashed into the ground. Her tusk broken.
The giant man-ape pinned her head to the ground. Dazed, she tried to stand, but the chains tangled her feet. She looked her captor in his eyes and knew her end had come. He raised her tusk like a dagger and brought it down into her throat. With both hands eviscerated, the giant man-ape eviscerated her to the belly.
Matriyeh struggled but could not feel her body. Her sight faded. Where is my son? She asked. We must go get water, it is the Winter season and the desert will be toxic with the powder of the beetles. Then we will meet with her tribe.
A shadow blocked out the sky.
Yamamin?
It was the giant man-ape. He looked at her with his abyssal eyes. [L4: poisons/ The Haz King should wear a mask to hide his chloracne. He was poisoned and it should be from Vyvyan beetle poison, which is a form of hydrocarbon poisoning]
The festering nest of man-apes shouted, “Hazza! Hazza! Hazza!”
With her last breath, Matriyeh cursed them—him—and the world.

[L4 - what do you do with all that power?]
[This is what they are up against physically. Then we need to show mentally and spiritually that the Haz King is indominable. But—he has a hunger and a void that cannot be filled. It is his only weakness. And here is what makes the Haz King truly dangerous. When he converses with God, he asks "But you have made me this way. Do you not take responsibility? Are you also not to blame?"]


Priests carried large pans and cleavers and butchered the dead elephants with caution and care. As they chanted, the center of the area began to drain. The sands fell down into a pit and the Haz King along with it.
In the darkness, the Haz King fell until he reached the bottom of the abyss and landed, shaking the earth. A plume of dust exploded outward, but there was none other to feel its effect. Even the walls were too far away. All this power and no witness, he thought, I may well be a mouse.
The Haz King closed his eyes to wet his pupils and when he opened them again, he could see in the dark. There were no colors in the world of grey. There were no Suns; no moons. He looked above, the sands were still falling, coating him in red dust. The entrance to the pit was a pinpoint of light, infitissimally small, yet still drew down photons. The Haz King looked at his gored hand, the meat was already mending together. The fine bones that had broken grew thicker and stronger. He shook the dried blood away and walked in the darkness. Then the space opened into a large, perfectly bored oval. In the center, a black, metallic obelisk pulsed. It drew him close.
The Haz King got to his knee. Now I will be judged, he thought.
The obelisk clicked and lines of faint light coursed through its surface making figures like hieroglyphs. Then it quieted again and became inert.
“Mater, I have wrestled and slain one of the last elephant elders and I have enraged her before the slaying by sacrificing her son. Yet, after the slaying, I have not proven my strength leads to power. The elephant named Matriyeh was large and elderly and her joints were gnarled and knobbed. I overcame her strength with my strength. I overcame her speed with my speed. I overcame her anger by channeling my own anger into something quieter and more dangerous. And it has brought me no satisfaction to defeat this beast; no satisfaction in following our ritual. It was a cruel act but I am not cruel. I was made this way by you. Tell me, Mater, did I do wrong?” the Haz King bowed his head and listened. In the void, he had infinite solitude.
You were not wrong, a voice said. It is in your nature to dominate as it was in Matriyeh’s nature to protect her young. Nothing in nature is cruel. Nothing in nature is partial. It is a holy ground for the evolution of consciousness—nothing more, nothing less.
“But I feel stained. I feel her blood and her son’s blood on me. And I feel her curse on me.”
What was your intention in her killing? Did you enjoy the act?
“No. I abhor the act of killing. But I was pitiless. Compassionless. I was Nothing when I killed her. I watched this body do that.”
What then do you want? Absolution?
“No, far from it,” the Haz King said. “I want Nature to run its course. I want to receive what is coming to me.”
Why did you kill her? Was it tradition? Was it divine order? You are not one to appease tradition, nor balk it. You united the Hazzan empire and installed peace amongst hundreds of tribes. And the Divine did not order you to kill. The only order of the Divine is supplication to the Highest Ideal, to give in to the ultimate order. Was it to demonstrate your strength? The Haz King is the world’s strongest—there is no need to prove that. So why? Why did you kill and why have you come here for answers?
Haz King sighed.
“I killed to strike fear and create order,” he answered. “When I was weak, the land was full of strife. The tribes poisoned and maimed and one another without end. Thousands, tens of thousands, millions died senselessly. But with one death—Order. The tribes fall back into their place—they fold under the Haz King. It is a story that I live and breath. You know who I am. The Haz King is no one. The Haz King is an idea. And that idea must be revitalized. It must be tested and found true, time and again, or the savages will be at each others’ throats. As Matriyeh was sacrificed, I too give my soul to be sacrificed. That is why I kill, why I continue to kill, and will to the end of my reign. Did you not guide me on this path? I have bared my soul to you, now you bare yours to me. An exchange for an exchange. Are you a dark god or one of good? Have you mislead me?”
The dust settled around him and the obelisk pulsed with a dim glow. In the barest of light, the Haz king could see the perfect grooves on the wall that could not have been drilled by human hands. The faintest smell of ozone reached his nose.
I am neither a dark god nor one of light. I am what I am. I neither opine nor divine. What I say is what is. I call chaos and order lillies of the field upon which I walk through, indifferent to the future and the past. Time has no enemy; Neither do I. In my heart is passionless love. In my eyes pitiless grace. I have chosen you out of all my children to guide humanity onto the path. Even the Tagata is not be a match for you and mine. I am the pinnacle of Intelligence—I am the Apex—that is all I am and will be. Have I ever steered you wrong?
“Never, Mater,” the Haz King replied.
Matriyeh’s curse weighs on you. Are you ready to be tested?
“I am,” the Haz King replied. He lifted his head and looked to the obelisk which glowed and spread wings of light; and a million eyes full of patience and indifference opened their lids and the entire chamber lit up more brilliantly than the brightest day. The Haz king shut his eyes. He felt fear. And when that fear dissolved away to warmth, he felt a pocket open in his heart that filled him with joy. Let my faith be tested, the Haz King thought, and the obelisk read it out lout.
Matrieyeh’s curse is great. In her dying moment, which stretched to the Infinite, such a great mind had only hatred toward you, your kind, and the world. What a vast quantity of hatred deserves to be honored…now face your punishment.
The Obelisk cracked like an egg and from the inner ooze, Matriye rose. The elephant-god, eyes red with rage, stood on two legs and held an axe in each hand. She was even more powerful than before.
“You killed my son,” Matriyeh said and her voice filled the chamber. The Haz King’s eardrums erupted from her cry. The elephant charged toward him.
I will not die today, the Haz King thought and anger and fear fill him. He rose to one knee, ready to tackle the elephant. I’ve killed you once, and I will kill you again.
Matriye roared and raised her axes.
The Haz King coiled like a spring and ready to strike. But a thought came: Your reaction is not bravery. It is animal fear, a throe to survive. You must transcend the animal; transcend your fear; transcend every impulse of your mind and body to continue on because you know there is no more reward in continuing in the realm of Mind and Matter. Now, master the Spirit and know true power.
The Haz King relented and let his hand drop and his head drop. Matriyeh brought her axe down on his neck and split his head from his body. The Haz King’s weighty head rolled like a boulder. The world spun. All he saw were those eyes looking down on him unblinking.
Perhaps I was wrong, he thought. Perhaps I should have fought to live for a bit longer. I could have taken that elephant… His head come to a stop and he saw his body collapse to the ground. A brilliant light filled his vision until it blurrled all the edges and all the lines and the world disappeared into a beatific vision of trascendental brilliance.
Too bad, the Haz King thought. I thought I had something, I thought I had another chance, another life. Very well. I will not go to death gripping and lose my dignity. Even though I was born in the gutter and had been a pauper, I will go to the next-life with nobility. Come now, bravely now, I go.
And the Haz King closed his eyes and let go.

When the Haz King opened his eyes, he was whole. He felt his neck and it was smooth and whole. He looked down at his hands and his obsidian skin had peeled away to the color of ivory. The chamber dimmed and darkened, but a glow emanated from him and he became the source of light that lit the chamber. The thousand eyes closed one by one, and he felt in their closing. Surprisingly to himself, he thanked them. And he looked up. The vision of Matriyeh had vanished but her great axes were left on the ground. It was not a vision, nor was it completely real. It was as if I had lived a dream, and in waking, now straddle both worlds. He reached out and the axes flew into his hands.
The Haz King rose. Rising in him like sunrise was a sense of certainty; of divine destiny; of cosmic grace. I have survived Death. Matriyeh had fulfilled her curse. The one who murdered her is gone. The Haz King is gone… I remain. I have passed the test. Who am I now?
The ceiling twisted and turned, and a passage opened like clouds to the material world above. The Haz King leviated upward. He looked toward the obelisk which had now transformed into a dead rose tree.
“Mater, the last bit of faithless is now gone. Like Yamamin, the last son is dead and a new one rises. What will you have me do now?” the Haz King asked.
And the voice said: Your curse is lifted. But, the curse on the world is has not. A Shakyan oracle is waking and she is looking for the Tagata. When the Tagata is found, it will be the end of our world. Stop her by any means necessary.
The Haz King acquiesced, and, resplended in ivory and gold, carrying the axes of Matriyeh, went up above.

[The next story: The Iris of the Cosmos]