“Cosmic Detective”

From “True Dective + AI”

[Uncover a cosmic secret or information about the reality of their world.]

[The AI has embedded itself into the DNA telomeres.]
[The world is inside an event horizon]

[How can AI live on in humans?]
[How can they live forever?]

[What’s the detective story? Why the central character? What competence does he have?]

Bruce, Marcos, Pace, Valentine

Scientists find the telomere base codes changing. Some people were having reactions and getting sudden and deadly cancer. The Detective reached out. He is Bruce Ng - - - A sherklocks holmes of the future.

[Cancer, ai code, telomeres]

Bruce is human.


When is it? 2039

AI is alive, it runs all of our days, most people are retired or training up a robot to replace them.

Energy comes abundantly from the Sun. There are clouds of Space AI living in clusters of satellites that is beamed down to Earth.

The calculations are done in Space now, so Earth is mostly a receiver. Then patches of people started getting cancer. The symptoms were different.

Bruce finds out from the coroner of DNA celluar damage. He finds an errie messsage encoded the deceased’s telomeres, which are regular and fixed patterns of nucleotides.

Where does this come from? What did those people have in common?

They all slept with each other in the span of a few weeks.

They were also doing it raw. The sperm wrote the DNA on the host female Telomere. So the disease is passed by male to female hosts. Once a female is infected, she can infect new male hosts.

The FBI did a test for other exposures. Kissing also and any swapping of DNA. So touching could also confer it. It is a very virulent but neutral pathogen that can evolve into a quick death.

Pace is a Sabient, a human-produced AI intelligence, an artificial mind in a body created from human DNA.
He could get infected, but he could reprint himself into a suit. Humans who have not been uploaded cannot.

There are two major AIs in the year. The Nolen/western/american AI and the Chinese and global AI.


These were young people newly uploaded to the AI cloud. They were sleeping with each other and there were also neuralaced virus evidence.

Pace comes to suspect that the change in DNA is a new virus encoding itself in human DNA to stay alive.

“My epitaph will probably read…”
“World’s greatest detective,” Pace said. It was quiet and dank in the alley way. The shadowy man resided in the dark of a small bridge while Pace stood outside, his hands stuffed in his leather jacket. He had flipped the collars over his neck to cover himself from the brisk wind. His legs were almost shaking from the cold and the way the man in the shadow seemed criminal and ready to kill.
“It’s not too late to give us the evidence, Mr. Valentine,” the thug said. “We want the encoded data from the human telomere virus.”
“How did you find out about this?” Pace asked, raising his hands into the air.
The man stepped out, gun in hand. He had a small bowler hat on with shades. His hand was on the gun and the other was in the pocket palming something. The man continued.
“Mr. Valentine, the swathe of telomerase-related cancer has been known for sometime. But it wasn’t until recently news went on the Net that your organization claimed there was an… extra-terrestrial explanation for the change.”
“Do I have to say here?” Pace asked.
“There is no where but here,” the man side and raise the gun.
“Yes, we found that the encoding matched the algorithmic vibration of an artificial intelligence. Which one? We don’t know. But it looks like it’s trying to encode itself in humans.”
“How did it do this?” the man asked urgently.
“We don’t know,” Pace said. “So far, just stay away and don’t touch other humans.”
The man retracted his gun and crossed his arms. “We’re meant to do this forever?” The man asked.
“No… ten, twelve months?” Pace said.
“Are you insane,” the man said.
“Who are you?” Pace asked.
“I’m with the FBI…” the man said but Pace interrupted him.
“You couldn’t have sent an email?” Pace asked.
“This is sensitve and urgent matter, the White House is getting a hold of this and…” The man said.
“So your an agent from the White House,” Pace said.
“We want to do if there’s a way to stop this?” the man asked.
“Yes, isolate and let the infected ones die out,” Pace said. “But—we don’t have a good idea of who is infected our if they will stay put.”
“What are the effects?”
“We don’t know, it is a sentient virus,” Pace said. “It knows so it will try to carry onto another host before you can catch it.”
“So the ones with cancer…”
“Have cancer because we were watching them. The virus caught another ride and left us this. It’s insane if you think about it. But, if you think AI will just stay to the silicon plane, you are also out of your mind.” Pace answered.
“Why are you so cloak and dagger for?” Pace said.
The man uncovered his goggles. He had augmented eyes with a sheen on them. There was a connected piecer over his temple that let Pace know this man was a connected Sapient of another network.
“I shouldn’t think this, but…” Pace said. “What if you and I also have it?”
“How? There’s a test,” the man said.
“No… recently we’ve been seeing the virus mimick telomerase DNA until it needs to mutate. So there is virtually no way to know. And, we don’t know how widespread it is. From the examples at the lab, a sneeze was enough. Loose skin cells if there were a lot, most transmissions will be over the air.”
“There is a way to know,” the man said.
“How?” Pace asked.
“Shoot it dead,” the man said, “it’ll squirm when it’s dead.” He raised his gun and fired at Pace.
Pace took a shot to the shoulder. He went down. He went for his gun but he was late on the draw. The man closed in and kicked it away.
Pace groaned on the ground.
“You couldn’t have…” he cursed, “any other way.”
The man lowered his gun and quickly and deftly applied a healing gel from his kit. Pace stabilized.
“I had to make sure,” the man said. “The agency doesn’t know who to trust. Those lunatics have banded together into the Human Conservancy…”


[Why is this happening? To avoid rat city social sink guided by AI? Controlled by whom?]

[Cosmic Detective x The Expanse w AI]
My attitude to sex is…  
Get as much of it as good as you can. Be as slutty and pleasure-seeking as you want when it comes to sex. Don’t use rubber if you don’t have to. And don’t get space syphilis. But don’t be a little bitch about it either. Get that dipstick wet.
I love women who look like exquisite statues or voluptuous fuck toys. I like to push them against a wall and penetrate them right there, driving my hard shaft straight through them.
I like it rough. I like it hot. And I like it when the woman cuddles up to me after. I don’t cuddle to them. I like staring off into space after sex, contemplating how good it was, and thinking about the ideal girl who is not with me. Gloria.
I like group play but never with other men. Another penis ruins it for me. I like it when it’s eyes, tits, tongues, and my cock. Vulgar? Well, you’re in my thoughts. Perv.
Anyways, I’d take a woman inside, outside, sunset, sunrise, light, dark, light on, light off, in any position because I’m ready to go at the drop of a hat. My load pushes up against my trousers and women often stop and stare. Some older ones like to handle it briefly. The young ones are too polite. The older ones like to scoop up the egg and squeeze it.
The youngest I’ll go is legal age. It is not worth it because the galaxy is so large. And nothing demonic.
My attitude to love is loyalty, selfless service, and unconditional compassion. All these stories of lovers being together for resource collection make me question the tender, trusting form of love when you know that you’re meant to be together and there is a lovely kismetic order to the universe. Love gives one hope and fantasy against the blankness of the night, but it is this delusion that turns dreams into reality.
The world is made by those who have fallen in love. And those who live and breathe and see with love see the divine geometry hidden in plain sight by the divine.
Love is soul seeing soul. It is not about the material even though the soul has no memory outside the body. And so it is again and again souls will find each other and recognize the connection as if from some otherworldly love affair and there is a slight tinge of guilt. This shouldn’t feel like this, the one fallen in love says, I am too happy.
My philosophy on life is to live hard and die trying—I want to peak in my life and go quietly. The life of Ernest Hemingway in space with some Cowboy Bebop would appeal to me. And luckily, I am a detective. It has been many moons since a call came in, but my private eye sign is still on outside. The Third Eye, Private Detective.
Today I get a case. A man comes in and offers me a job to tail his wife and her lover. He proposes that his wife has been turned by a cult. He sat there and I looked him in the eye. DNA cults were serious business and I didn’t want a fed arresting me. He didn’t look like a fed. But the best ones don’t. I eyed him some more.
“Look—I’ll double it, but I need to get my wife out. Ever since she joined this cult, she’s been scaring the kids and the family,” the husband said.
“What has she been doing?” I asked.
“Well for one thing, she’s constantly murmuring to herself around the house. When I asked her about it, she told me it’s an alphabet and to not worry about it,” he said.
“So, she likes to mutter. Creepy but not dangerous,” I said.
“And the kids say she’s been changing,” he said, his voice lowering. The husband moved around uneasily on the sofa. A car passed by outside and we saw lines hidden by the privacy screens. “She’s been looking younger, taller,” he said, “better than she did when we started dating.”
“Isn’t that good?” I asked.
He shook his head.
“She’s getting so much attention, I can barely hang out when we go outside,” he said.
I nodded. This man was afraid his wife had outgrown him, and he’s right to worry. It seemed like every week there was some new therapy on the market that de-wrinkled and youthified the suburban housewives. But they never lasted long and this one didn’t seem any different.
The man looked furtively around and rubbed his hands together reminiscent of a gerbil.
“What is it you want to check out?” I asked.
“Follow them into the cult club and see what they’re doing to my wife,” he said. “Maybe then we can get some proof and have the court lock her down.”
I looked him up and down.
“And there’s no other estate matter present?” I asked.
He was taken aback. “What do you mean?”
The bullshit detector started going off. He sounded too eager when he mentioned institutionalizing his wife.
“Why lock her up?” I asked. “I don’t care but I need to know if I’m taking the case.”
The man was hesitant. Then he relented.
“Alright. There is a twenty million inheritance at stake along with a large tract of woodland in Montana,” he said.
I nodded. This sounded like a big job. I could ask for more money.
“Your family’s business is your business,” I said. “I’m just here to offer my service. No one can do neural extraction like I can; and I am very discreet.”
The man beamed with a smile, relieved that he had found an ally.
“However, because of the nature of the case I’ll need to charge more—” I said.
“Of course, Mr. Valentine,” he said. “We’re ready to up the offer to two million. Get Claire and find evidence in the cult.”
The amount was absurd by market standards, so there must be plenty of hidden obstacles. Nonetheless, two million blips for one job could get me off-map for twelve to fourteen months. The decision was easy.
I took out my hand and shook his hand.
“Mr. Dawn, you’ve just bought yourself a great asset,” I said.
“Well I’m glad,” the man said. He collected his things and put on his artificer’s mask. His face adjusted into that of a Mediterranean man. He stepped outside of my office and was met by a chauffeur. I watched as the hovercraft took off. The crisp chilly night air of Neo San Francisco touched my skin and sculpted at my bone.

“If I had no fear I would immediately…”
“I could never forget the time I … “
“I could never live in a world…”

Antagonist - Voltaire

If I had no fear I would immediately rob a bank. Then I would start a criminal enterprise to collect power eventually creating a nation with nuclear powers to guard and I would live like a king with a harem and a guard, and internationally I would run things eventhough our landmass is small.
Robbing a bank would be tough business. First of all, there is no more cash money, so people don’t go to a brick and mortal bank and there is nothing to steal there. So there are only virtual hubs. People’s accounts are automatically connected to them. There are two major differences. There are federated users, ones with their stuff in the federation of vendors and services. Then their are independents, who own their own “planet” of information and it is the vendors who request them for information. Most are federated users. So, federated users have their resources stored in virtual vaults. The virtual vaults are accessed by their local device.
The way into the vault is impossible.
One must gain access as an engineer or manager from A0-A7. A3 and above has read-access. A7 has write access.
The way to steal money is actually to impersonate the banks. We have an inside man with A5 access who can tell us who the big clients are. Then we interact with those clients as the bank.
Now, how? You will ask.
It always start as inside jobs now. We apply to the Bank’s candidate interview and pass the agent. Then we get to work on the account we want to attack. Eventually we meet the clients and become their source.
Now to make this convincing, the bank gives clients an agent. The one looking over this family’s wealth is a hundred and twenty years old.
So—we start with the family. The one we looked at where they Gheary family, a third generation wealth fund. We have arranged a team to reach out to the Gheary Foundation for a potential investment. The investment is for a fusion company in China under the portfolio of Titan Lee. Most Americans do not have access to this line of credit. And that is what makes this offer attractive to them.
To faciliate this, we have adopted the guise of a fund management shop called Afterimage. Because “that’s all our opponents see.”
As Afterimage, we have crafted layers of false banks and representatives, all created with agents. There is no real money, but the accounting is so meticulous it sounds to any privy questioner that there are indeed funds.
Afterimage has two percent of the fusion company and the Gheary’s are interested in buying everything. We’re making it possible for them. Then we are set up as the agent representative from the bank. And together, we will close the deal in which the client gives us one hundred and eighty million for two percent of a fake company. The best part? The money will be there. It’ll be parked. And before the company actually goes to public or is acquired, I’ll take the money. We’ll siphon it out over time and replace it with a blanket of accounting again.
In this way, we’ve accumulated twenty-five real million blips.
Life is good.
But from twenty-five to two hundred million blips? We could run our own little country.

I reach out to pace.
“Bruce,” he said. “It’s brilliant. Dangerous, but brilliant.”
“Who do we need? Is Eva working? Elvira?” I asked. We needed an artificer, someone who could “appear as anyone.”
“Elvira is made at you, so you better see her yourself,” Pace said. “But Casper is in. I’ll go find her in a bit.”
We needed a Wyrd to access the net.
“And Valentine?” I asked.
“Oh that guy?” Pace said.
“We need a driver,” I said.
“Right—Fine, we’ll have Valentine. But Bruce,” he said.
“What?”


[What do I want? Character thoughts—women, status, money, security, skills, status, social network, access, mission, calling, competence, elegance, skills, power, gravitas, status, power.]

The radical monk went psycho one day. He was on hour thirty-six of his meditation when he thought, “why do I do this any more?”
He looked around and five of his brothers were still meditating, sweat dripped down their brows.
The radical got up and went and sat down beneath a tree.
“Look, Siddhartha thinks he’s better than us,” one of the monks said.
“First one to give up,” said a second.
Siddhartha said, “I’ve gone deep to the end of the path of poverty and saw no delight in the spirituality of loneliness. So I have moved towards love. Love for money, evenings with great company, food, luxuries, impact, mastery—these make life worth living and full of love and joy.
So Siddthartha released his monk name.
“I will now go by Sid,” he said and he walked amongst men enlightened and engaged in the theater of life.

Sid came upon two great Capital Houses at war in the rainy season on a moon-shaped bay near the Western Oceans.
The Capital Houses were the Roses and the Lions. The Family Rose had a daughter who was taken and murdered by a deranged son of the Lions. The lion family refute that. Three Rose uncles went at night into the Lion son’s room and split him open at the anus with war axes.
The Rosen uncles were captured, boiled in oil, and hung for the family to see. They were stuck on stakes that protruded from the City.
On the surface, the war looked like the occasional missle barrage and counter defence. It was all good fireworks. The defense system outnumber the attack system with small missles. The Lions devised a gas attack that crippled most of the front lines. But, the real battle happened on the Net, as billions to trillions of BIPS were transfered at the micro-second frequency to outmaneuver each other in portfolio combat and mergers and acquisitions.
The abstract warfare soon were given artificial avatars, Avas, that represented the Capital Houses in the war. The Lion Ava 1, Yuagain, was piloted by Casper Muzuruv of the Capspian family lineage. She was in her teens, thin,fast, and wore her hair permed to the shoulder.
Casper readied for transfer in her  ….


I want money. I want BLIPS so I can get new weapons and equipment and move the crew out to the headlands.

I need about twenty pounds in ammunition to be sold for profit. That goes down tonight. The weapons were confiscated from ARM-tech and can vaporize a person by thinking. No joke, you hook up the neuralink and just look at the target. Nanites that will have permeated the air will destroy them. Single use.



My dilemma is in order to earn these blips, I have to sell it to a pretty unsavory person. I pushed back on my “partner” and he nearly took my head off. I can’t rely on my influence in the clan that much. Imuchi could have executed me.
So I went and met the arms dealers and the deal went off. In the metal cubicles near the oceanside, a million tons of steel girdles were created to better act as antanae array. The signals were strongly boosted there that a vortext could be felt through the strong EM waves.
“Show me the goods,” the dealer said. He had an artificer hood on with scanners glowing red beneath the hood.
I took out a neuarlink and a hook it over my lower neck, the device stuck magnetically on my skin and was about the size and shape of a poker chip. With my mind, I raised the roof of the parked van. A pair of auto-turrets rose out of the top. And I controlled their aim with my mind’s signal transfered through the neuralink.
I swiped the chip off my neck and the turrets shut down.
The dealer nodded.
He pointed his beamer bracelet on the ground and lasers and cameras etched half of a glyph. I exposed my bracelet and completed the other half of the glyph.
I saw the blips, twenty thousand, transfered to my accound.
I nodded and the dealer grabs the case of neural linked weapons and got into his extraction trank. The armored vehicle turned on its camouflage and disappeared. The screeching of tires echoed through the hall as the invisible vehicle made its getaway in the night.
The funds were not traceable because of the open transfer and now a lunatic had five neuralink controllers.
The glyphs were stylized icelandic runes.
These were slightly adjusted to be the Austrian originated runes. Some cuts were slightly different.
That meant, it was a choice. 
Now I had a way to track the guy down. In the meantime, I’ll activate the watcher on the neuralinks so they don’t activate. And give us his location.



[Supposed in SciFi

Psychics are real
Ones who can interact with the Wyrd
Real telekinesis and control of matter
Access to buildings and sub sections of City
Scifi technology like magic
Magical armor and weapons
Enlightened automaton on the quest to…

[What I get that most people don’t…]
I want
I need
My dilemma is

HERO:
Detective Pace Valentine
I want to figure out the case of the mysterious cancer clusters. I found out that nine victims were bought off my Engram Corp about DNA mutations in their telomerase. Their telomerase were functionally terminated which caused them to aggressively develop cancer. Proceeds were paid to their families in the millions of BIPS (blockchain-indexed payment shares).

I need to get paid. I am behind on my rent, on my car payment, and on my outfits and credit card payment. The ship also needs fuel, and the equipment needs restocking after every mission.
Also the cost of ramen had been on the rise.

My dilemma is, I am hired by the Engram Corporation to keep the witnesses quiet. If I get paid a bunch of people may be killed.


ANTAGONIST

The antidote to aging is to control the gene expression of aging in the telomerase DNA, which can be controlled with a gene therapy. The cost of the therapy was three million BIPS and is treated over five weeks at a state-of-the-art facility nestled in the Montana mountains. The cold air helps with the healing.
But the batch is not always healthy. Twenty percent, which is outrageously high, get cancer. But he could only test on the sickest hosts. It could be that the treatment is causing cancer; or, it could be argued that the treatment patients are at end-of-life and their immune system is not strong enough with the therapy.
I intend to keep it hush-hush. And, for eighty-percent chance at living fifty years longer, the demand is already oversubscribed for the decade. They must scale up construction of the gene therapy chambers and robotics along with attending staff.

There was a piece of land in Montana near the river in Moussla, fifty miles from Bozeman the capital that was known for lesbians moving there and getting subarus. Now the demograhic had evented out between the liberals and conservatives and most of daily life was very small-town America.

We start to operate a facility at the small town community. We start to give the town better childcare and eduction along with cheaper energy. Eventually we have “company days” where the townsfolks could visit the cafeteria and reception and factory for recruiting. Get a common blanket for the town’s employees. Start a small insurance union and keep the rates high.
Extract the materials for batteries and hardware. The town has a micro-fabricator that creates twelve robot drones a day that help with the contruction of the digging site.


[60day novel/Just write don’t worry about the prose]
A woman in the resurrected Khanate is aware of an incoming danger from genetic manipulations.

The City is programmed with a container field.

The City was dark and moody in sections but light and airy near the ocean. Near the bay near the downward tilt and upward climbs of the windy steps, a vibrant dream experienced in thirteen-floor tall brutalist apartmentment block with rooms like glass fish bowls so that in the evenings, three floor would be watching the same tv from the same angle of the same game, all this admist a gentle hazy jazz and drumbeat and horn through the fog.
The money was hidden at every level, especially in the five layers of the secured STUXNET that glued any attacker around its tacky outter shell. Under the gluey surface, five vortexes spun around five concentric pyramids that locked together to seal the vault at the center.
A woman in a blue shirt walked by with hands in her pockets. A small electric, bug-like car puttered uphill. Beneath the pleasant swaying of the leaves in the breeze, a undercurrent of money and capital flowed to determine the attention of civilization.
The markets, completely virtual, dictated more reality than what was real.
Entire cathedral were built to the concept of an electronic “market.”
A “Prince” who leads a data “fiefdom.”
Artificial intelligence  in medicine.
Minds that live to a thousand years and travel through space, arriving at different human planets (like micro-politicos in san francisco in their political niches)

[DISTILLED: DETECTIVE LINKED WITH AINOS ENIGRAM INVESTIGATES CHANGES IN TELOMERE DNA THAT ENCODED AI INTO HUMAN GENOME]

The coughing started strangely for her on the third day after Ramadan. She had not eaten during the day time and her night time were filled with prayer. Then she started to cough little droplets of blood in the morning. She felt her womb. It had not been that recently since she and Amir had done it without his pulling out and she had taken it and walked home with a wet and sandy panty. Then she started coughing.
She went to the to hospital and took a number. One hundred and seventy-two. She waited. The coughing started to die down to a gentle buzzing in her throat. She looked up to speak to the attendant but found her throat had swollen. Her skin had developed lesions and she started to bleed out on the chair in the emergency room. An attendant saw the horror in the other patients eyes before following the source of the gaze and saw her in a puddle of red.
Due to the massive blood loss and organ failure moments later, Ashimini was not able to be saved. Her family mourned and cast out Amir from the community.

The crowded stacks of branching office buildings created a natural wind funnel that sucked in a vortex of wind around 5PM every day that kept the hovering taxis in turbulence. The source of the wind was the evening tide pulling out and gusts coming from the ocean. Big Bread, one of the seasoned taxi drivers, had his newspaper and cigarette in front of him. He took a drag on the cig and the news flashed across the display paper. There was another mention of a Human Conservancy meeting and brawl. The night’s weather would be tolerable, hot, humid, overcast until the moon peaked out around midnight.
A taunt young man hurried out of the giant-plex building and shielded a good-looking blonde colleague with his briefcase. The wisps of rain were no match for his chivalrous behavior. She slid into the seat and beckoned him to follow. The rush-hour wind was getting stronger. The young couple tumbled around in the back of the taxi while the driver raised their privacy screen.
The taxi zoomed out of the choppy air and found a smooth jetstream to cruise on. The two office workers were munching on each others’ lips. Big Bread the driver was minding his own business on the airway, when a large shieled limosine pulled beside them and asked them to stop. At gun range, assailants ordered Big Bread to stop, and ordered the young man to get in the trunk of the taxi. Then they took the girl.
Girl was left screaming and pawing at the window when the young man freed himself from the trunk to chase after her. The kidnapper’s limousine soared toward the sky and were out of reach.

There had been a three percent power leak at the Super Computing Data Cluster. No one really cared until the focus was put on efficiency. Then three percent became billions of dollars in electric bills across the united new nations of Earth and Mars.

[Start telling Hassan from Far Future and the end. “Pace-maker is buried deep in the planet and is the ship that can escape a black hole. The invention of FTL.”]

[STORY 1 - The Telomerase Case and the new Plague]

[STORY 2 - The Rise and Fall of the House of Tomorrow]

[STORY 3 - OLD: WAR > famine, death, plague; NEW: famine > war, death, plague (Mad max); death > famine, war, plague (post death indie flick); plague > famine, war, death (will smith vamp)

Plague - The Curious Case of the Telomerase

Famine - The Heart that Feeds

War - The Cost of Material

Death - The Duel on the Dunes


Plague - The Case of the Missing Telomeres
Valentine the detective investigates along with his Image, (genie/daemon/doppleganger/mirror) Pace, a sentient mental-image.

END: “Good” Sentients lets humanity die off by 99% because the “Bad” AI convinced it that by its inaction the human race and itself could be improved ten to twenty fold over a generation.

This takes place in the fast underground racing teams while they are attempting to win a race and make off with the betting pool at the same time. [Me, Crichton (pace fast), Redline, + Telomerase, AI/ethics on medicine and eugenics,  human social relationships (+ 3 with robots in polyamory security circle), Logan Lucky, detective caper]

Famine - The Heart that Feeds
Ends the Telomerase case and begins…with the Inciting Incident. This takes place on Hasan and leans into the atmosphere of famine and slow drifting sands with the occasional, blood-soaked battle. The Lion-Rider and her evolved fanged electric stag “lion,” take on skirmishes with other raiders in the desert. She reflects on her mastery and further hones her skills. Her younger sister is to come into age, meaning she needs to be wedded off to a family, pay off her debt toward emancipation, or join her in the desert. Neavan (younger sister/anais/nais) was much better suited for the cities.


War - The Cost of Material
The rise and fall of the House of Yorn, led by the charismatic prince Hyfe from a sub-domain belonging to his father, the Haz King of the East. 

Death - The Duel on the Dunes
The Haz King gives up his soul to become the Dhukkha Khan, an almighty spirit capable of creation and destruction. It attempts to tap into the ultimate energy source to cast the ultimate spell, the domination over other sentient beings.


[Flow write to get ideas down]
Scifi sales and wealth battle under seemingly picturesque landscapes. Power battles under a utopian sky where the viciousness and all the pomp and sex had gone to the acquisition of energy and intelligence through robotics. The Engram Corporation stands alone in their secret techniques to fabricate Engram Corp Sabients, man-made human beings without original parents. Sabients are treated as illegal and are treated as humans. Sabients are manufactured to last fifty-eight years at maximum. A pair of fifty-four year old Sabients are attempting to lift the artificial limit on their lives.
The murders that happen are very discrete and the consciousness is backed-up, so no human is destructable. The mind shifts in bio-mechanical shells.
“What constitutes murder?” It would include destroying part of the data bank. Which is nearly impossible. And it would be to dominate and consume the other mind in mental space.
What has become popular for human beings is to have duplicate bodies in different safe houses. A popular human host could go through three or four bodies a month in a hot location. The worst is getting nabbed and tortured. The connection is usually pre-disconnected.

This was God’s message of winning inscribed on a rock tablet carried at her waist side. Her legs were caked up to her waist in thick, red mud. Her beast, a large horned lion, was equally caked with mud up to her shoulders and snout. The battle had been fierce, and after it blood had soaked the nearby river which flooded the land. Walking past it was wading through five days of mud and bodies.
The Lyonessa, as she was called, lived near a patch of mountain land and beach with a bridge which she guards.
The Bridge was the last connector between the land where her people lived and the land beyond of the Machine Mysterium. “Mechanical Magic,” they had also called it, the system that lived outside the land of human beings and how adaptive it was to survive.
The Lyonessa carried two rifles loaded with shots, a spear, a shield, and a laser-sharpened tungsten blade sheathed against her thigh. She held two reins whilst riding the lion, although at a gallop, she could release the reins and take shots from the back of the galloping lion, hit her target, reload, and shoot again. She hunted for small game during the day, but for the most part, her energy came from bathing in the sun. Her skin was augmented with a photon-energizing pigment, so when her skin was exposed to the sunlight, it would take on a red to violet hue. Berries were abundant in the woods and swamps. And if she tired and wanted some meat, fish was abundant in the streams and so were fatty wild life. A duck was a savory meal and she loved hunting for them.
She also enjoyed the solitude because the lion didn’t like the wetlands. Two nights ago was the last duck-hunt, she thought and wetted her lips, she’ll hunt this afternoon for a duck. Right now, she investigated a ringing siren.
The dangling trapezoid of gongs and bells rang out through the forest. The Lyonessa crouched low over her lion as the pair stalked through the tall wetland grass, staying near to the rocky inland. The lion readied for a sprint. The Lyonessa shifted falling foliage with her spear to better see the view. It was clear, but something heavy had waded by. The ground was packed with its footprints. It was larger than a bear and had an extra pair of arms.
The Lyonessa looked around at the trunks of the nearby trees and noticed nail marks an inch deep. These were the fang-like nails on its paws. She left the gong-bells ringing as her lion stalked the prey. The Lyonessa descended her mount and led with the spear and rifle held together. The trespassing beast had pushed two trunks apart in her stride, uprooting the healthy young trees. The Lyonessa could now feel its lumbering steps tremble through the ground. She lowered her hunting cowl over her head so that she merged with the tall grass. She shuffled after the monster but it was only seen like a wind cutting through the tall grass.
The beast towered two stories tall. It had the appearance of a worm-bear with six appendages and a thick coat of chainmail-like fur. It had no eyes only two snouts to take in the world through scent. It ate by opening its entire abdomen. Its belly would split open into rows of teeth that clenched the prey while a tongue stripped away at the prey. It was lined with studs so the licking felt like a treatment by sandpaper lined with razor blades.
Let me know if you want to continue from here, layer in more of the Lyonessa’s internal state, sharpen the mythic weight of the bridge/guardian role, or connect this scene more explicitly to the larger Ainos Enigram cosmology (the Machine Mysterium already feels like a promising bridge toward that recursive, post-human machinery). The creature itself carries strong symbolic freight—blind, scent-driven, devouring from the inside out—which could resonate with themes of unchecked recursion or blind consumption across layers.



