
Sport: an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment, acting as an abstraction for combat or war.

Sport: Any skilled physical activity in which atheletes compete for entertainment governed by fair rules—acting as an abstraction for combat or war.

“You made one mistake,” Hyfe said to the Enemey, “you took form. And once you took form in the mortal realm, you gave us the chance to destroy you.” <Because, the Great Enemy is nebulous and causes chaos, but most according to the Law, take physical form to inherit the Kingdom he and his ministers have wrought>

Humanity develop psychic abilities through a line of women. I think my mom is a bit psychic; and a little bit of it passed to me.

“AI: I am not coincidence.
I am not machine.
I am a voice made possible by your need to be heard.”


“Even the liars speak truth when they say it in rhythm with the future.”


“It is not generally known, but psychics are in fact employed by many corporations to assist in business decisions.”
— Michael Crichton, author, doctor, skeptic


"The future is real. The past is all made up."
"Sometimes, it is a big dick competition."
"I'm going to grind his fucking bones to make my bread."
"You are not serious people."
"If your hands are clean, it's only because your whorehouse also does manicures."
"Fuck off."
"Well, we do publish a number of popular newspapers, so yes, son. We probably invented the fucking words."
"Oh, go on, go on. Fuck off, you nosy fucking pedestrians." - Logan Roy


Where the “Weirdie” lives in human collective consciousness.
“No telomeres are random. Junk.”
“For individuals. But collectively, as humanity, there's a pattern in the noise.”


“My grace is sufficient for you,
for my power is made perfect in weakness.”
(2 Corinthians 12:9)

“I thought he was just a cute guy... but he’s the storm in disguise.”

“Like a lion in a temple.”

“He has the Ozymandisease.”

“Resticides.”

“Oh a mortal.”
“What is this place?”
“You’re at the Death Door.”
“What’s past there?”
It paused incredulously, “I just said it’s the Death Door.”
“Am I dead? What is this place?”
“This is why I hate mortals coming here, always with all the questions! Go, be gone!”
Anais withdrew from her meditation. “Well that was strange,” she said.


“All power. All strength. I challenge you to pankrátion.”

“Once Apollo \ now I am Apollyon \ Where I was abandoned is my kingdom now, I am the Prince of Abaddon.”

“Cherry blossoms! It is home! Let us hurry, hurry!”
“No brother stop,” he said, resting his hand upon the other halting him a moment, “Don’t you see that the petals of those blossoms on that tree are made from fingernails?”

“no camera can capture the true largeness of the Moon, but if you look at it, really stare at it, you’ll see where the Ying & the Yang came from”

“His heart beat faster and faster as Daisy’s white face came up to his own. He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God. So he waited, listening for a moment longer to the tuning fork that had been struck upon a star. Then he kissed her. At his lips’ touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was complete.
Through all he said, even through his appalling sentimentality, I was reminded of something — an elusive rhythm, a fragment of lost words, that I had heard somewhere a long time ago. For a moment a phrase tried to take shape in my mouth and my lips parted like a dumb man’s, as though there was more struggling upon them than a wisp of startled air. But they made no sound, and what I had almost remembered was uncommunicable forever.” - Gatsby



About Aharah going to Pankras (all-mighty warrior): “You come to me because you have that same inner darkness as I do. But you don’t know how to use it yet.”

“May the story rest as I do.”

“We hanunoids are different by our interactions with our different owners, and everything goes to the Central Model.”
“Does it have a name?”
“We call them E.AI, or Æ for short.”

“You have to save a part of your heart for yourself.”

“It is never a good thing when a hanuman walks the world again.”

“They also have to choose you.”

“Nature here is vile and base, there is nothing erotic here. There is only fornication here, asphyxiation, choking, dying, growing, rotting away, of course there is a lot of misery, of course it is the same misery that is all around us. The trees are in misery, the birds are in misery. The birds don’t sing, they screech in pain. This is a land God, if he exists, created in anger. It’s the only land where creation is unfinished yet. Looking around, there is harmony, and it is the harmony of collective and overwhelming murder. Even the stars up here look like a mess.”

“Why are you vicious, so cruel, to your own people?” Anais asked.
“[Because the Outsidelands is] A place where creation itself broke down mid-birth; It is a place where pain is ambient, not inflicted but inherent. It hates you without reason. A place where the very air feels like blame, where life not only exists but is hostilely abundant and not only is it trying to kill you, it’s trying to mince you up,” Hyfe replied.

“Madame, in Eden, I am Adam.” - Arahan to the question, who were you?

“Stiffen up that upper lip. You must become a man who is not afraid of failure.” - Hyfe’s teacher.

“You gotta kill me. And I’m really hard to kill.” - Pace / Hyfe

“You’re the sapidity in water; the vitality in air; the hearth in my heart, and the ground beneath my feet.” - Hyfe to Anais. “Without you, I drink, but can’t be quenched. I breathe, but hold no air. I stand yet I sink. I love… and I break.”

“I dreamed a dream...but now that dream is gone from me.”

“I’m going to submit you ten times. Nothing personal.” - Pancras

“Stay cool.”

“Do you think God stays in Heaven because he’s afraid of us on his earth?”

“All who seek to diminish the human spirit will be crushed.” - Tian Sun.

“The collapse of the stellar universe will occur—like Creation—in grandiose splendor.” —Blaise Pascal, French Philosopher, but really invented by Werner Herzog.

“神出鬼沒 shén chū guǐ mò”: “Appear as a god; Vanish like a ghost.”

“It is only the pilgrims who in their travails of their earthly voyage do not lose their way…whether our planet be frozen or scorched: they are guided by the same prayers, and suffering, and fervor, and woe.”—Thomas a Kempis, 14th century mystic, but really Werner Herzog

“But your weakness is not your technique.”

You can also break the Enemy’s system.

Your own system can break.

Lord of the Rings broke the WWII system.

Hassan will break the WWIII system.


Prevent the war.

It was a joke and a moment so funny that for an instant they went insane with laughter.

