Level 5: Emotion
Calm, anxious to start, wanting to take a puff, aloneness, bored, resistance
Level 4: Ideas
Where is evolution going?
What is the impact of a symptomless pain-killer?



[Earth - 2095]


“The monk says, “above every blade of grass there is a Spirit saying to the grass, grow!”… By that same nature, there is a Spirit, an angel… a “Higher Nature”, that hangs above our heads like a mistletoe, and not only does it say “grow,” it says, “evolve.”” Marcos said.
Pace looked at him.
“But how? Sexual selection through survival of the fittest has been the dominant pattern for evolution,” Pace said. He took a grape and sucked it into his mouth.
“Give me the weather,” Pace said.
A female voice, warm, collected, and calm, spoke through rooftop speakers: “The temperature is a comfortable seventy degrees in the afternoon with a light breeze and a five percent probability of precipitation this evening.”
It won’t rain, Pace thought, the rooftop look dry as kindling.
He pinched another grape off the vine. A pit appeared where the fruit was connected to the vine. Like a belly button. Pace studied it. Minutely dog-eared grape-skin hung around the edge of the pit, annoying as loose cuticles. Pace pinched a corner of the grape-skin and peeled it. The naked fruit was green, pruney, and plump. He sucked it down—then he ate the skin. A bit bitter, he thought of the skin. The taste lingered on his tongue; he let it; unconsciously, tilting brow.
[Be a good writer and just write; grapple at the limit of understanding]
“How?” Marcos repeated. “Why are you asking me? I’m not God.”
“You sure act like it sometimes,” Pace said. He kicked back into the basket-weaved couch. The thicket of ribbons groaned. Wind blew through the open space in the couch and whistled. Its pitch changed slightly with the changing shape of the lattice of wood. Marcos waved a finger in the air to the changing chord of a song in his head.
“Sexual selection… are we not optimally sexually selecting?” Marcos said.
“You call that optimal?” Pace asked. He pointed to the mute, rooftop speakers.
The canvas cabana covering them thrashed and thumped like an umbrella caught in the wind. Marcos steadied himself against the railing and tugged himself into a seat. He took a sandwich from the stand beside him and bit the tip with his front teeth. He chewed it. The cud burst with flavor with each chewing. Marcos swallowed and chased it with a glass of milk. Marcos looked into the glass. Milky residue slid off the edge and pooled into a spoonful at the bottom. Marcos finished it with a quick tip of the glass. His stomach followed with a slight rumble.
“You know they still call it a theory right? The question is, who is influencing evolution? Who decides who breeds and how? What about super babies and clones? And if AI were to control the human population, how would it steer evolution? What is the goal to which evolution is a path?” Pace said in one long breath. He finished a sigh and breathed in.
[This is too direct. The discussion about evolution should be shown. Evolution should be displayed as a part of society/technology/behavior]



