OK, I just confirmed once again that the story, or at least the consistency of mood, can be found in meditation.
I settled into it today. Maybe it was the dehydration from yoga but I felt like sitting after and a pleasant and blissful forty minutes passed by. Yorn taught me to relax during meditation; Bill told me to ‘take smaller breathes.’ Forty minutes in I said “there’s no need to worry anymore” and my entire body buzzed inside to outside to back in. I held it/ observed it/ experienced it for 2-3 seconds: the real count was a deep inhalation, an exhalation, and inhaling as it faded.
The problem of consistency and momentum may be solved by going ‘to that place’ from which I am most inspired; from which the story is most inspired. I don’t want to write a memoir because I don’t want to expose me, my family, for expression nor recognition: the former feels like a cop-out and the latter prostitution. The mastery can come from writing a true story that comes from what I know, fictionally. Because my mood changes - I was writing different moods in different stories: different genres. But Hassan has a particular feel and that feel is [liberating feeling during meditation]. I mean, it feels closes in meditation.
Some thoughts on fictionalization:
Hyfe is the main story and it fictionalizes in part my time at Newfront. The feeling of going on an adventure, losing a bunch of people along the way, and coming out of it.
Bruce’s arc is also Newfront, my 20s in San Francisco, and observations about San Francisco.
The epic poem “Invictus” is itself - a heroic journey, classical, about finding oneself (one’s name / purpose), about going home.
It is all about going home. Going to the Center is about driving on the Interstate 5 highway from LA to SF and both ways. It’s about going home, finding home, where is home, and family.
It’s about immigration, being immigrants, giving up relationships with one’s parents so your children don’t have to do the same.
It’s about a drug called the Halahala (that comes from the churning of the ocean) and about getting off addiction about the shortcut to see “Spiritual Truths” and how dangerous chemicals are to spiritual people and the paradox of drugs. They are dangerous, but how are not more people on drugs. Maybe too many people are on drugs. Or we’re all on something called hope or drugs.
It’s about purpose - taking a chance - following your heart - all the while scrutinizing the dangers of not having enough (safety) in a material world where suffering is real. It’s about financial freedom, wanting to get out, and realizing there are just more layers outside the Matrix.
It’s about usefulness. Skills. Mastery. Maybe not too much about it obsessively. It’s about giving up; it’s about trusting your path even though you don’t even know if you buy that saying fully - it’s about bravado, braggadocio, definitions (of success, self) and gaining confidence. It’s about going off the path again and again and getting beat up by the thorns and humbled to walking on the path again - is that getting wiser, more earnest, or giving up? It’s about cowardice.
It’s a little about suffering but not in a too dreary way. It’s about worrying about stuff - about the worst parts of writing and working is before it, five minutes into it, enjoying it while working aware not thinking yet still intelligent about it, then worrying about it some more after. Then it’s also about the health of obsession and what if the people who say ‘take it easy’ are wrong and don’t have the credentials to give that advice. But not overly about it cause it’s been done better elsewhere.
It’s about how computers works, at least all current computers from the Von Neuman family. Maybe it’s a bit about intelligence that doesn’t separate processing and memory while both occur simultaneously like in dreams and maybe human consciousness.
It’s about Dreams for sure.
Follow your dream - The American Dream - the psychology of dreams - the neuroscience of dreams - human mythology, culture, collective consciousness and dreams - and it’s about nightmares, fears, and the sublime. Maybe it’s about miracles too.
It’s something about focus and flow states and how insanity is the disruption of the stream of consciousness as it becomes unrecognizable of the Speaker and of the Observer; “Reality” becomes a reality of one. Maybe it’s a bit about Art / Science, but they are big topics. I don’t think it’s about the cosmology of reincarnations but there’s something about how patterns repeat and people recur. It’s about this thing called the Will that’s discounted in evolutionary biology and that we could be more than what survives from mutational soup; it’s about fitness.
It’s about choices. It’s about making the choice to do Good or Evil and not merely falling into it. Can falling into Good even be called good? Is Goodness always preceded by a choice and does following the millieu to do good become ‘just doing my job’ when the persecutions happen? It’s about cowardice.
It’s about this guy named the Dhukka Khan; and about how helpless/infuriating/indignant/infantalizing it is to be a citizen as the government pulls one over the people - more control - less freedom - and even evidence is not enough because of this thing called projection and this other thing called the infinite chain of causation. So what dominates is vision, the best story, and alignment through willpower.
Maybe relating to returning home, there’s something about aging. It’s a shame you can’t be a kid again; and it’s a shame to see your parents age. And, there’s something melancholic about being male and not having someone stronger and more protective than you to give you a hug again. Then, there’s something about God and Faith as the ultimate father figures and the source of refuge. It’s about fear. It’s about courage. It’s about feeling safe.
