The City is in a bubble that contains all the energy of the city

In the City, these concepts are present and are explored:
— A greater outer shell world where there is a pretend “war” where “no one gets hurt” “it’s bots on bots” “It stimulates the economy”
— Outside the City and everything known to man is the “real world” of the Outsidelands separate from the Ouekemene. A gate that guards the entrance is inspired by the Oracle at Delphi: “Keep knowing thyself” and “Fiat lux et veritas”
— In the middle of the City is a campanelle clock tower: The times perpetually reads 5:05. It counts down sometimes by a second then is raised up. People explain it as an abstraction of the economy into a time. But it really is a time to live in the Outsideland where there is unmitigated creation and destruction constantly. When it reaches zero, nothing will be left.
— There is the miasma of the Biblic in the City in which all languages are conformed into Common Obfu. It is a phonetic language that has no etymology.
— There is the Engram Corporation which goal is to imprint the ruling AI consciousness into human telomere for storage. But this is all ancient history. The Ouekemene is itself a type of memory-archive-as-explanation for the real war outside in the Outsidelands. There’s a missing link but the City is not “the past” but something that is alterable… There’s room to play to set everything in the Event Horizon of the Sun becoming a black hole.
— There is the Human Conservancy and a riot and a revolution brewing
— There is a nanovirus that will end the city; All the utility dust could be contaminated to become toxins…
— Valentine gradually forgets the world outside the City and the Island becomes increasingly more of a dream-memory to him; He loses himself to the City and becomes like a ghostly process until he is jolted by Pace

0
V1 — V “Victory” — suicide
V2 — Vi — suicide “latin: with violence”; “life”; “an editor”
V3 — Vie — “Vi iMproved” drowned?
V4 — Vera — living, mortal, in the City: ALIVE
V5 — Vigor / Voice / “Pacer” / “Anima“: ALIVE
V6 — Veneer / Vacant / “Elvira” / “Animus”: ALIVE
V7 — Victory — fratricide by V8
V8 — Voltaire / Veracity / Violence — thought to have drowned, living in the City
V9 — Valentine — protagonist in the Island / the City
V10 — Victorious — protagonist in the Outsideland

WHAT I WANT IN THE CITY
^Energy / Pace / Speed / Exuberance / Fun / Danger / Burnouts
—The Ainos Enigram is a system for creating a story; the ultimate story telling device (A holographic scrivener with ontology and story structure)
—The Ainos Enigram on the island is a book / story
—The Ainos Enigram in the City is a collaborative codex of rules and laws; (X with every letter (of the law) being votable and on-chain)
I want war with Mars; I want super robot suits; I want nanoviruses and uncontrollable cancer; I want speed racers

MORALS
Technology's ethical deployment demands inner order, or it amplifies disorder.
Democratizing god-like tools without prerequisite self-mastery invites catastrophe, mirroring real-world concerns with AI proliferation.

“The Enemy? Remember! The face of the enemy changes. The name of the enemy changes. But Its nature stays the same. The Enemy lies. It uses deception as its only motive source of power from which all of its other vile prowess comes.”

WHAT DOES THE ENGRAM CORPORATION DO?

“We [The Engram Corp] do two things. First, we entertain. We provide the ultimate entertainment.”
“So you create fun?”
‘No. It is the much older meaning of the word, “to entertain.” It means, “to distract.””
“Distract? Distract from what?”
“You must have noticed the clock on your way in.”
“Yes, your broken clock that says it is 5:05 at all times.”
“It is sometimes 5:04.”
“Yes— very useful. A clock that goes backwards.”
“No, it is a countdown.”
“To what?”
“The truth is, Valentine, when the clock reaches zero, it will be the end as we know it. The number is the average lifetime of our soldiers in the field.”
“Soldiers? In the field?”
“Yes, Valentine. We are at war. The last great war that is all around us. And that is what the entertainment is for—to distract people from the truth.”

THE DILEMMA
A dilemma is a problem that can't be solved without creating another problem...
The dilemma at the heart of the Ainos Enigram is how should humans use magic-like technology to expand human potential and curtail suffering?

WHERE DOES THE STORY TAKE PLACE?

As encoded information (history) imprinted as a band on the event horizon of a black hole such that all past, present, future as present simultaneously. The Island / The City / The Outsidelands are all events that have occurred or are occuring that have been expelled as light information and holographically encoded in the event horizon to be resolved by a superintelligence. Why?

Inside a black hole Time and Space are unified. In order to solve for the quantum theory of gravity, Time and Space must be unified. But this is difficult or impossible to do for the human mind which perceives time and space as dualities. Thereby, only a consciousness that has unified time-space can begin to discover physics beyond quantum theory of gravity; therefore, AI or enlightened human minds are needed. This is an initial experiementation that later evolves.

Time is “stuck” on the event horizon from the pov of an external observer.


